80 she have work extremely hard to achieve financial success as an independent insurance agent and expect she family to toe she party line . gunvalson herself admit to have control issue but maintain it be this very characteristic that have bring about she success and desire lifestyle . for example in season 1 when the housewife go on a private jewelry shopping spree ware lament that she do not have a man in she life to buy she the beautiful jewel in the shop gunvalson respond by tell she that she do not need a man to buy she thing because they can earn the money independently through their insurance lead and purchase the jewel themselves .
114 she have work extremely hard to achieve financial success as an independent insurance agent and expect she family to toe she party line . gunvalson herself admit to have control issue but maintain it be this very characteristic that have bring about she success and desire lifestyle . for example in season 1 when the housewife go on a private jewelry shopping spree ware lament that she do not have a man in she life to buy she the beautiful jewel in the shop gunvalson respond by tell she that she do not need a man to buy she thing because they can earn the money independently through their insurance lead and purchase the jewel themselves .
11 archaeologythe nine lady stone circle stanton moor be one of the jewel of the peak district . it be important to many people for many reason
67 it hang in a straight fall fashion and cover the back hair completely . billament – sometimes refer to as “upper ” and lower billament these form the decorative border along the upper edge of the hood and the front edge of the coif or paste . wardrobe account of velvet and satin for the making of billament may refer to the base upon which the goldwork jewel and pearl be attach . cornet/bongrace – a visor-like accessory that shade the wearer’s eye . later in the century when the veil of the hood be flip up on top of the wearer’s head and pin in place to shade the eye this be also apparently term a bongrace .
13 daniel john a. 2001 . . baranger window display in motion dramatize the jewel co co. isbn 0-939549-26-3 .
22 fulldome content library 2009 aayushi animation india touching the edge of the universe 2009 university of applied sciences mediendom kiel germany saturn jewel of the heavens 2009 clark planetarium bad astronomy 2008 detroit science center cranbrook institute of science second city 2008 dome3d llc
2 the crown jewel use by the saxon king of poland and some reminder of the polish monarch like a 14th century cup of queen jadwiga of poland illegally appropriate by frederick augustus i elector of saxony be also display in the grünes gewölbe . polish . .
30 one of the most important statue in the collection be the mohr mit smaragdstufe moor with emeraldplate create by balthasar permoser in 1724 . the statue be richly decorate with jewel and be about 64 cm high . der hofstaat zu delhi be geburtstag des großmoguls aurangzeb palace at delhi of the mogul aurangzeb at his birthday represent the imagination of european monarch about arabic palaces in india . it be a miniature with about 150 person and animal .
40 the dianabad the bath of diana in which a chalcedony bowl in a filigree be support between the horn of a stag s head . the obeliscus augustalis make in 1722 worth as much as one palace . the juwelen-garnituren jewel garniture be the largest collection of jewel in europe . they represent the claim of absolute power of the monarch .
47 the dianabad the bath of diana in which a chalcedony bowl in a filigree be support between the horn of a stag s head . the obeliscus augustalis make in 1722 worth as much as one palace . the juwelen-garnituren jewel garniture be the largest collection of jewel in europe . they represent the claim of absolute power of the monarch .
92 it also air on animax s english-language network in south asia and east asia and it be broadcast on yomiuri tv and nippon television . the story follow a high school girl kagome higurashi who travel back in time to the sengoku period of japan where she meet a half-demon name inuyasha and learn that she be the reincarnation of a powerful priestess name kikyo . join by a lecherous monk a young fox demon a demon slayer and a demon cat the group seek to find the fragment of the shatter jewel of four souls a powerful jewel that have be hide inside kagome s body and keep the shard from be use for evil include the evil half-demon naraku who slew kikyo fifty year before kagome s arrival .
98 it also air on animax s english-language network in south asia and east asia and it be broadcast on yomiuri tv and nippon television . the story follow a high school girl kagome higurashi who travel back in time to the sengoku period of japan where she meet a half-demon name inuyasha and learn that she be the reincarnation of a powerful priestess name kikyo . join by a lecherous monk a young fox demon a demon slayer and a demon cat the group seek to find the fragment of the shatter jewel of four souls a powerful jewel that have be hide inside kagome s body and keep the shard from be use for evil include the evil half-demon naraku who slew kikyo fifty year before kagome s arrival .
71 the 1940 cover art show nancy and george try to stop nancy s trunk from be take off the ship . the 1962 art be update by rudy nappi and show nancy bess and george in kennedy suit and be much drabber in color but be the same scene . for the revise story in 1972 nappi show nancy against a background of brown with a montage of image include a jewel cache include .
49 father mukada s season begin with he accompany inmate family member to oz for a visit . while on the bus he meet morales sister s who s provocative demeanor make father mukada a little uncomfortable . he also chat with carrie schillinger who ask he to bless baby jewel in an attempt to remove the family curse that tormented jewel s father schillinger s son . as the bus proceeds it swerve to miss an on-coming truck and the bus overturn . father mukada emerge from the bus bloodied and scarred but it turn out that he be possibly the only survivor .
60 father mukada s season begin with he accompany inmate family member to oz for a visit . while on the bus he meet morales sister s who s provocative demeanor make father mukada a little uncomfortable . he also chat with carrie schillinger who ask he to bless baby jewel in an attempt to remove the family curse that tormented jewel s father schillinger s son . as the bus proceeds it swerve to miss an on-coming truck and the bus overturn . father mukada emerge from the bus bloodied and scarred but it turn out that he be possibly the only survivor .
30 kaito kaito 魁人 kaito be the leader of the resistance hold against the orgs on the volcanic island . he hold half of the ruby need to form gaokong s jewel . he die while protect princess iriya from zeus org .
113 falcon summoner ファルコンサモナー farukon samonā a bow weapon that be use by gaored that be receive in episode 31 . after highness duke ura kill all the gaorangers except for red and silver the other be able to complete a puzzle that allow the weapon to emerge in gaored s hand . it have three mode gun mode ガンモード gan mōdo where the bow end be close and it be able to fire rapid energy blast arrow mode アローモード arō mōdo where the end be open and a falcon shape arrow can be shoot and summoner mode サモナーモード samonā modō a combination of red s juuoh sword which be equip with the gaofalcon jewel and the falcon summoner . in episode 35 the gao jewels for the other power animal that form gaoicarus where place into the empty slot in the falcon summoner . this be do because blacksmith org reforge the other juuoh sword into silverware and be unable to summon the power animal .
23 the temple s red sandstone be cover with exquisite carving of lean sadhus or holy man as well as voluptuous woman encrust with jewel .
19 biju be a popular male name in india especially in bengal orissa and kerala . in french bijou mean jewel or trinket .ie small and elegant from an indian context biju be probably a name derive from a similarly rhyme name viju . in eastern indian state such as west bengal and orissa b be very often phonetically substitute for v.
49 old age and death when she be seventy she name be mention with that of muhammad-yar a son of she daughter who leave the court in disgrace again she and salima join in intercession to akbar for prince salim again with hamida she receive royal gift of money and jewel .
54 during its 40-plus year of stand 200 foot above suburban louisville reaction to the tower from neighbor tourist local and architecture enthusiast have cover the entire spectrum of commentary from disdain to praise . a plaque attach to the building describe a bit of its history and characterize it as both controversial and a jewel .
25 learn to lie so you will master the stones of wisdom . the pirate s cave be west of eagle hollow . only the 4 jewel can thwart the evil compendium . you need herb to succeed in dungeon . it work best to club the slash nettle to death .
48 this creature disguise by imitate a person whom the potential victim be very close to . it lead its victim to the wood where it will change back to its monster form and mutilate they . sarangay a creature resemble a bull with a huge muscular body with jewel attach to its ear . anggitay portray by ethel booba a creature with the upper body of a female human and of horse from waist down .
19 re-released in uk in 2004 on misplaced music mm104 both out of print 1922 2002 self release . original jewel case out of print re-released in 2008 in a handmade letterpress sleeve with new artwork on cover and cd. also out of print . third release in 2009 on level two music label from australia have different cover art borrow from roustabout as well as bonus track from a few of charlie s other album .
43 third release in 2009 on level two music label from australia have different cover art borrow from roustabout as well as bonus track from a few of charlie s other album . king earl 2004 misplaced music mm107 rooster 2005 little judges lj001 jewel case eclectone records ecl012 digipak . jewel case re-release in 2008 . backslider 2006 self release live album out of print
48 fraher and bartels find this method to be unsatisfactory and decide ultimately to hang it up after the release of the oswald cup . spinart virtually shelve the record temporarily and its release be never fully promote . we be strip the oswald cup cds and use your jewel case for our other release .. . the album have since be add to itune .
27 doi 10.1111/1477-4658.00064 it supposedly depict the bride dress in white sit beside cupid and be assist by venus in person . the figure with the vase of jewel clarification need symbolize fleeting happiness on earth and the one bear the burning flame of god s love symbolize eternal happiness in heaven . clarification need
23 accord to legend when lord shiva and his consort parvati be walk in the valley parvati drop one of she earring . the jewel be seize by shesha the serpent deity who then disappear into the earth with it . shesha only surrender the jewel when shiva perform the cosmic dance the tandava and shoot the jewel up through the water . apparently jewel continue to be throw up in the waters at manikaran until the earthquake of 1905 .
44 accord to legend when lord shiva and his consort parvati be walk in the valley parvati drop one of she earring . the jewel be seize by shesha the serpent deity who then disappear into the earth with it . shesha only surrender the jewel when shiva perform the cosmic dance the tandava and shoot the jewel up through the water . apparently jewel continue to be throw up in the waters at manikaran until the earthquake of 1905 . minakshi chaudhry destination himachal p . 208 .
56 accord to legend when lord shiva and his consort parvati be walk in the valley parvati drop one of she earring . the jewel be seize by shesha the serpent deity who then disappear into the earth with it . shesha only surrender the jewel when shiva perform the cosmic dance the tandava and shoot the jewel up through the water . apparently jewel continue to be throw up in the waters at manikaran until the earthquake of 1905 . minakshi chaudhry destination himachal p . 208 .
41 the jewel be seize by shesha the serpent deity who then disappear into the earth with it . shesha only surrender the jewel when shiva perform the cosmic dance the tandava and shoot the jewel up through the water . apparently jewel continue to be throw up in the waters at manikaran until the earthquake of 1905 . minakshi chaudhry destination himachal p . 208 . rupa and co. publ .
22 it be also make available in a strictly limited edition wooden box set that contain the disc cover in a red plastic jewel case a story of aerosmith documentary cd narrate for the english market by chris barrie a sticker a sew on patch a certificate . the wooden box edition of this set be release in a limited number of only 10,000 worldwide make it highly collectible .
52 to rescue he he reluctantly let the gorilla-bird loose and have they distract the pirate while he save kit . they make their way over a pack of alligator to get back to the sea duck and take off . as they fly off kit admit that he be hide a big jewel at louie s and baloo realize with a jewel like that he could buy back the sea duck .
61 to rescue he he reluctantly let the gorilla-bird loose and have they distract the pirate while he save kit . they make their way over a pack of alligator to get back to the sea duck and take off . as they fly off kit admit that he be hide a big jewel at louie s and baloo realize with a jewel like that he could buy back the sea duck .
7 once there baloo and kit find the jewel but louie tell they it be not a jewel and therefore be worthless . but when kit mention that don karnage have steal it from shere khan baloo take another look at it only to have it zap he make he decide that maybe this night-light be worth something after all . but just as they be leave the air pirates come back to attack .
16 once there baloo and kit find the jewel but louie tell they it be not a jewel and therefore be worthless . but when kit mention that don karnage have steal it from shere khan baloo take another look at it only to have it zap he make he decide that maybe this night-light be worth something after all . but just as they be leave the air pirates come back to attack .
15 the next morning before pay a visit to khan industries baloo and kit hide the jewel in molly s doll lucy figure that it would be wiser to find out how much shere khan be pay for its return before they actually do that . the jewel khan explain be actually an electrical alloy develop by his scientist that be powerful enough to run his entire corporation and he be offer a hundred thousand lousy buck for its return . but unbeknownst to either of they don karnage snuck in the previous night accompany by dumptruck and maddog look for baloo s plane so when baloo and kit return to higher for hire they find that the pirate have ransack the place and kidnap rebecca and molly leave behind a ransom note demand they be give the stone .
46 the next morning before pay a visit to khan industries baloo and kit hide the jewel in molly s doll lucy figure that it would be wiser to find out how much shere khan be pay for its return before they actually do that . the jewel khan explain be actually an electrical alloy develop by his scientist that be powerful enough to run his entire corporation and he be offer a hundred thousand lousy buck for its return . but unbeknownst to either of they don karnage snuck in the previous night accompany by dumptruck and maddog look for baloo s plane so when baloo and kit return to higher for hire they find that the pirate have ransack the place and kidnap rebecca and molly leave behind a ransom note demand they be give the stone .
52 in 1916 the congress succeed in forge the lucknow pact a temporary alliance with the muslim league over the issue of devolution of political power and the future of islam in the region . the cost of the protracted war in both money and manpower be staggering . in india long the jewel in the crown of the british empire indians be restless for independence have contribute heavily to the war effort in both money and man . over 43,000 indian soldier have die fight for britain .
17 the wakefield cycle be most renown for the inclusion of the second shepherd play one of the jewel of medieval theatre .
40 inuyasha a feudal fairy tale 犬夜叉 戦国お伽合戦 inuyasha sengoku otogi kassen be a 2d fighting game base on the manga and anime series inuyasha . it consist of battle and minigame in an effort to retrieve shard of the sacred jewel of four souls essentially follow the overall plot of the series . the game be one of the last video game create for the sony playstation .
64 from february 1960 to april 1961 france test a limited number of atmospheric bomb in reggane facility s c.s.e.m. centre saharien d'expérimentations militaire or saharan center for military experiment the four gerboise bomb . three of they be only engin de secour emergency device with yield deliberately reduce to less than 5 kiloton . with the underground test the sequence designation be change to jewel name start in november 1961 with agathe agate 20 kt . on 1 may 1962 during the second test the beryl incident incident de béryl occur which be declassify many year later .
45 among these be the collared iguanid lizard opluri cuverus and the lined plate lizard zonosaurus laticaudatus . local snake include the madagascar ground boa acratophis madagascariensis and the madagascar hog-nosed snake leioheterodon madagascariensis . chameleon species present include oustalet s chameleon furcifer oustaletus and the jewel chameleon furcifer laterali .
61 all copy with the track still on store shelf be return to sony bmg with new copy be send out minus that track . the new version also come with the nokia logo on the front cover as well as helena s nokia advertisement picture inside the cd booklet . the cd also come in a special paper case that the jewel case slide into .
28 av idol directory . . av idol directory . . for she appearance in this first video kurosawa be describe an innocent cutie pie who shine like a jewel .
16 all lodge officer have naval title roughly equate to the officer in a craft lodge with jewel of office often be bear on string of cork . titles vary but the following may be consider a typical list
37 all fee receive by the lodge must be pay in full to the treasurer of a charity preferably a child s charity with no deduction be make for administrative expense . member be require to carry the jewel of the order a piece of cork in a metal ring at all time and be able to produce it on demand . any member be unable to produce the jewel be fine this be give to the lodge treasurer at the next meeting for contribution to charity . general rule and regulation of the cork degree itchen cork lodge
68 all fee receive by the lodge must be pay in full to the treasurer of a charity preferably a child s charity with no deduction be make for administrative expense . member be require to carry the jewel of the order a piece of cork in a metal ring at all time and be able to produce it on demand . any member be unable to produce the jewel be fine this be give to the lodge treasurer at the next meeting for contribution to charity . general rule and regulation of the cork degree itchen cork lodge
39 the professor later realize that his lucky mandrake be already go and eventually lose his winnings . he find alraune home packing and realize that she be really leave he . he ask she to stay sell she remain jewel for money and move to a new place where they can find happiness . she tell he that she will but not with he . the professor grab a knife and chase alraune around the house to kill she .
27 nepal boudnanath stupa swayambhunath . sri lanka anuradhapura the atamasthana or eight place mihintale polonnaruwa the temple of the tooth kandy sri pada . south korea three jewel temple thailand sukhothai ayutthaya wat phra kaew wat doi suthep phra pathom chedi phra buddha chinnarat . united state of america city of ten thousand buddhas largest monastery-nunnery in usa in term of number of ordained monastic bhikshus and bhikshunis .
55 his character have be retconn at least 6 or 7 time over the period 1986-2008 . first it be reveal that he be a member of the wealthy alamain family and then he be a priest who stefano s mistress confide in . eventually it be reveal that john be a mercenary con artist and jewel thief who work with gina von amberg a royal princess who be a con artist like she lover on the side and who like hope williams be portray by kristian alfonso . year later it be rewritten yet again that john be actually the illegitimate son of daphne dimera stefano s deceased common law wife and alamain sister and an as-yet-unrevealed father . by 2008 john s origin be re-written once again and he be reveal to be stefano s half brother and the secret love child of santo dimera and colleen brady ryan brady .
53 about chile peru and brazil leipzig 1862 3 vol . and other von bibra prefer to busy himself in his later year with fictional work and develop an astonishing fruitfulness in this field . of these writings which stand out especially because of successful characterization and description of beautiful landscape we mention a jewel leipzig 1863 a woman with a noble heart ein edle frauenherz be feature in a radio broadcast august 26 2006 reading and concert 2nd ed . jena 1869 the adventure of a young peruvian in germany jena 1870 the nine station of mr. von scherenberg 2nd ed . jena 1880 the child of the rogue nuremberg 1872 brave woman jena 1876.
21 the project be currently schedule to be complete in mid-2012 and when open it be claim the arena will be a jewel in the crown of the city s premier entertainment precinct drive the revitalisation of the area and re-establishing a connection between the city s commercial and entertainment hub .
32 the flag of bhutan feature druk the druk dzongkha འབྲུག ་ be the thunder dragon of bhutanese mythology and a bhutanese national symbol . a druk appear on the bhutanese flag hold jewel to represent wealth . in the dzongkha language bhutan be call druk yul or land of druk and bhutanese leader be call druk gyalpo dragon kings because of druk . during the bhutanese mock election in 2007 all four mock party be call the druk colour party every party have a separate colour represent its value . .
10 besides sport and game alimullah also develop a fancy for jewel . he purchase the famous diamond dariya-i-noor at a government auction . he also buy many unique precious jewellery of the house of the naib nazim ghaziuddin haider when he become heavily indebted due to the english government stop his allowance on charge of immoral activity .
12 the 26-carat 5.2 g oblong table-shaped diamond be largest and most precious jewel stone in bangladesh . it be believe to be quarry in a south indian mine like the koh-i-noor . it be set in the centre of a gold armlet with ten 5-carat 1 g oval shape smaller diamond around it use by the nawabs of dhaka who also use as it an ornament on the turban .
45 the follow day ruffa text the girl to gear up for their tenth photo shoot . they be treat to a brazilian wax at laybare salon before head to batangas . in laiya beach resort they pose for an exotic swimwear photo shoot with a jewel of the sea theme .
24 abelmoschus moschatus abelmosk ambrette seed annual hibiscus bamia moschata galu gasturi muskdana musk mallow musk okra musk seed ornamental okra rose mallow seed tropical jewel hibiscus yorka okra syn . hibiscus abelmoschus l. be an aromatic and medicinal plant in the malvaceae family which be native to india .
107 pine island ridge be the highest natural elevation in broward county florida . be a victory for the seminoles . this battle be u.s. retaliation for the cooley massacre of january 6 1836 in which approximately twenty seminole attack the home of william cooley in the trading settlement on the new river which be eight mile distant from the pine island ridge hammock a primary village of the miccosukee and the killing mrs. cooley the cooley child and another new river resident joseph flinton the child s tutor . the seminoles then loot and burn the cooley farm but do not attack other new river resident a jewel in the wilderness fort lauderdale from early times to 1911 . broward county comprehensive survey phase viii by george paul s. historic broward county preservation board . 1988 .
45 jalahalli be a locality in north bangalore in karnataka india . the area be further segregate into gangamma circle name after a 350-year-old temple know as gangammana gudi jalahalli east jalahalli west jalahalli village and jalahalli cross . pre-historic stone-age article such as tool and jewel have also be discover in jalahalli .
87 have be free from slavery by the french in 1783 the inhabitant of st lucia find themselves under attack from the british since the island represent a strategic point in the caribbean . they be well aware that if the british over-ran the island they would enslave they again and they manage to repel they for three year before be defeat . know as “brigands” the prisoner be bring back to britain in large number to an uncertain fate along with a large quantity of coin and jewel . despite lord mansfield’s historic pronouncement in 1772 that slave be free once they reach english soil and that no former slave could be compel to return to the west indies there be still a great deal of money to be make by flout the law . barrow’s book slaves of rapparee publish in 1998 provide an extraordinarily detailed account of all the available evidence relate to the london interwoven with a description of local national and international interest in the site pat barrow 1998 slave of rapparee the wreck of the london devon lazarus press .
21 the lilyponds area be for many year a swamp and underwent an $ 800,000 makeover to turn it into the community jewel it be today . there be free bb q s children play park and cover seating area . the area next to fish tales seafood café be home to the mapleton market which be hold four time a year in march june september and december .
56 the ansa public service announcement bonus feature from the blu-ray planet of the apes box-set release november 2008 include a new name this be the liberty 1 a winged chariot that will propel man into the greatest adventure ever conceive . build to withstand the pressure of near-light speed travel the liberty represent the technological crown jewel of the ansa fleet .
38 it be all right ma bob dylan turn d.j. new york times . season 2 modify this to record in studio b in the historic abernathy building . season 3 have several variation include take the tour crown jewel of the city skyline and on the 8th floor a greywater park production in association with big red tree announcer pierre mancini suspect to be the voice of producer eddie gorodetsky
30 aranmula pardhasaradhi templearanmula uthrattathi boat racearanmula snake boat race at pathanamthitta the temple be on the left bank of the pampa river . it be from here that the sacred jewel of ayyappan be take in procession to sabarimalai each year . aranmula be also know for the watersport involve a spectacular procession of snake boat . it be also link with legend from the mahabharata .
71 they question prence about his company of merry gentleman that have recently land and that appear ready to celebrate with a maypole dance . they be appal at even the thought of such behavior and tie prence to the whipping-post and begin to whip he . bradford in thoughtful mood enter and be meet by lady marigold sandys richly attire in ride habit velvet skirt and a hat of feather and jewel . he immediately become enrapture by she she for she part belabor he and set prence free . brodrib make as if to threaten she but bradford stop he .
33 marigold be astoreth prence carry lucifer s train . witch and a minotaur his body paint like an indian s be in attendance . more monster appear include a large toad with a jewel in its forehead . bradford remain invisible and inaudible to they all . lucifer enter the plain to the accompaniment of ancient instrument and herald .
45 at a signal from he they stand and begin to dance stop when he signal again . bradford be seize bring forward and order to reject his god . courtesans dance to tempt he but it be marigold in babylonian costume with a crescent of jewel on she head that persuade he to fall . he curse puritan new england and sign the devil s book take the devil s mark on his brow . lucifer leave laugh contemptuously but astoreth stay with bradford who remember the song of solomon bid she rise up and come away .
6 summary inner stair of museum of jewel . license
16 summary a golden medal with king muhammad ali picture on it exhibit in the museum of jewel alexandria egypt . license
9 at the beginning of 2003 the museum s crown jewel nickel plate 587 be take out of service for its annual rebuild . since then much work have be ongoing the past 7 year for the restoration of this historic locomotive . in 2008 ownership of the engine be transfer from the indianapolis parks department to the itm permanently .
4 al jarreau the jets jewel billy joel elton john
89 mother featherlegs and a live-in companion arrive in the area around lusk in 1876 and promptly establish a whorehouse along the cheyenne-black hills trail at which establishment gambling and whiskey be supply in addition to sex . she companion who call himself dangerous dick davis claim to be a hunter and trapper but spend most of his time lounge around the house instead . the house little more than a dugout near a stream soon become a refuge for bandit from the surround area and they would frequently entrust jewel money and other valuable to the madam for safe-keeping .
83 one afternoon in the summer of 1879 mrs. o. j. demmon the wife of a local rancher ride to mother featherlegs for a visit have no one else to talk to . she discover the madam s murder body lie beside the spring apparently she have be kill while fill a bucket with spring water and have be dead for two or three day . track in the area indicate that dangerous dick have murder his companion and flee with the money and jewel she be hold for local bandit . mother featherlegs be bury quietly on the spot she identity still unknown .
36 one be the triple power of earth heaven and the current realm . another be the trinity of hindu god brahma the creator vishnu the god of maintenance and shiva the destroyer . aum be the jewel in the lotus the holy state of be and destruction all at once .
18 i can't wake up co-produced by krs-one 12 . p be still free sample credit bennie maupin the jewel in the lotus sample credit joe tex papa be too live 14 . higher level
19 history first appear in the man of steel # 3 and later in batman # 401 magpie be a jewel thief who specifically target jewel name after bird and then replace they with booby trapped replica . randall barbara j. w von eeden trevor p i . a bird in the hand .. . batman 401 3 november 1986 dc comics she be name for the magpie who in folklore be attract to bright shiny object .
24 history first appear in the man of steel # 3 and later in batman # 401 magpie be a jewel thief who specifically target jewel name after bird and then replace they with booby trapped replica . randall barbara j. w von eeden trevor p i . a bird in the hand .. . batman 401 3 november 1986 dc comics she be name for the magpie who in folklore be attract to bright shiny object .
41 and size with the donation of expensive jewellery make of diamond and gold . the coronation ceremony of the emperor be also hold at tirupati . in 1517 krishnadevaraya on one of his many visit to the temple donate gold and jewel enable the vimana inner shrine roofing to be gild . the maratha general raghoji bhonsle visit the temple and set up a permanent administration for the conduct of worship in the temple . among the later ruler who endow large benefaction be the ruler of mysore and gadwal .
21 to begin your quest you must drink a terrible potion and to succeed you must find map clue artifact magic item jewel and an enslaved dwarf .
35 as a visual artist and illustrator froberg provide all of the artwork for the album . although the artwork and cover themselves be black on white the cd release be package in a translucent orange jewel case and the lp in translucent orange shrink wrap give the package album an orange color .
11 after sell out in 1999 johnson start signature restaurants a ‘crown jewel ’ collection of london restaurant which include the ivy and le caprice as well as the belgo chain . he also start strada restaurant from scratch and take the chain to 30 unit . he sell both business in 2005 the total proceeds from these two disposal be in excess of £90 million .
14 history the regional chicago and new york golden gloves championships be the two crown jewel of the boxing mecca of the united states . in 1962 with the national golden gloves assume control of the tournament with a grow televise economy the general public’s emphasis progress more towards a national championship .
24 anthy appear to be an asian indian probably tamil . she be noticeably darker than the other character and wear a bindi mark or jewel .
13 plot the film tell of play madeleine de beaupre marlene dietrich a devious jewel thief .
27 meanwhile foster’s legion be be assemble . among those who willingly or unwillingly volunteer be the gypsy marco segrain terence hill a charming skilled and acrobatic cat-burglar jewel thief famous for a 3-year crime spree in the riviera until french authority manage to apprehend he . gypsy latter befriend three other recruit the russian giant ivan jack o'halloran former elite bodyguard of the depose romanov czar family “top hat” gilbert francis andré penvern a feeble fashionable man and musician who lack the physical trait need in a soldier and fredrick hastings paul sherman a romantic young english aristocrat who miss the great war and explain to his parent he be tour the battlefield of europe .
22 nunn pretend to be a delivery girl to enter skiaki s abode . they become lover . he give she a synthetic jewel that she promise to wear only for he .
4 then he see the jewel nunn be wear ...
32 this album produce the singles please remember me something like that my best friend and some thing never change please remember i be originally record by rodney crowell on his 1995 album jewel of the south and be a #69 country hit for he that year . except for the #7-peaking some thing never change all the singles on this album reach number one on the hot country songs chart seventeen and señorita margarita also reach the lower region of that chart from unsolicited airplay .
28 accord to mad frankie fraser foreman and several other be involve in the kidnap-murder of ginger marks outside the repton boys club in january 1965 after he and jewel thief jimmy evans have ambush foreman s brother george who have be have an affair with marks wife and shoot he in the groin after lure he out onto the balcony of his south lambeth apartment . although foreman attempt to lure both man into the open on the pretence of join he on a jewel heist evans be able to escape by hide under a parked car and would later testify against he for mark murder in november 1975 . although he be acquit of murder charge he later admit to murder mark with alfie gerrard . he be in people eye a legend .
84 accord to mad frankie fraser foreman and several other be involve in the kidnap-murder of ginger marks outside the repton boys club in january 1965 after he and jewel thief jimmy evans have ambush foreman s brother george who have be have an affair with marks wife and shoot he in the groin after lure he out onto the balcony of his south lambeth apartment . although foreman attempt to lure both man into the open on the pretence of join he on a jewel heist evans be able to escape by hide under a parked car and would later testify against he for mark murder in november 1975 . although he be acquit of murder charge he later admit to murder mark with alfie gerrard . he be in people eye a legend .
20 arnold hodgkiss be a young chinese american patent attorney whose secret identity be jewellery jules . he be a notorious jewel thief who have never be catch or even suspect .
5 plot introduction arnold hodgkiss a jewel thief who have come to london to steal the crown jewels be dreamily case the tower of london when a strange man approach he and say the crown be large . hodgkiss nonplussed reply and very heavy unwittingly give the correct countersign . the man a spy thrust a parcel at hodgkiss and disappear .
54 as the absurd character frantically chase each other through the heart of london moorcock offer both lively comic adventure and a bizarre but oddly affectionate look at the city s slumdweller . london s portobello road for example with its hardbitten costermonger become nothing less than a force of nature when hodgkiss a world-renowned jewel thief try to lift a brooch from a portobello merchant s stall he be hunt down like a dog . a still better example be jerry s odious uncle edmond who be so fantastically dirty that the rubbish pile in his yard have congeal and come to life . when two communist operative try to intimidate he he sneak up behind they and push they into the quiver pile escape while they fight to extricate themselves from its gelatinous embrace .
47 list of title # ginny gordon and the mystery of the disappearing candlestick 1948 . the hustlers start a swap shop as a money-making project but have to deal with the disappearance of ginny s great-aunt betsy s heirloom silver candlestick and along the way tackle a jewel thief . # ginny gordon and the missing heirloom 1950 . the hustlers still have the swap shop but now it be old mrs. arnold s pendant that be miss .
16 when the spaniards overran the camp of the boholano they destroy 1,000 house and steal various jewel of silver and gold . these be give to the cebuano and pampago soldier of the expedition . abatan river cruise a travel through history www.boholchronicle .com
32 another popular story see tina pursue the lost crown jewels of mendorra throughout the summer but what she do not know be that many of she past enemy be also after the jewel among they be jamie and elizabeth sanders and ursula blackwell . to escape prison ursula set off a bomb that allow numerous con to escape and they flee to the rundown seaside arena in atlantic city where tina and cord be capture and hold prisoner where they be force into do many wacky thing include cord wrestle the titan in a wrestling ring and tina and ursula wrestling then tina be put on a murder trial in the ring for kill ursula s father cornelius who fall out of a lighthouse window try to save tina in 1988 .
51 chitpur have exist for at least 400 year . it receive its name from the goddess chiteswari who have a splendid temple here erect by gobindram mitter where human sacrifice use to be offer . the lofty dome of the temple which be know as nabarutna or the shrine of nine jewel fall during the earthquake of 1737 and it be now in ruin . cotton h.e.a. calcutta old and new 1909 1980 rev. ed . pp .
50 buddhist of sri lanka believe that lord buddha visit kelaniya once in order to quell a quarrel between two leader of two warring faction . the name of the two leader be chulodara small belly one and mahodara big belly one . they be quarrel for a chair full of jewel . lord buddha bring they to their senses and preach the futility of their quarrel . they become buddhist and both of they thereafter offer the chair to the buddha .
12 venture inside the city they eventually discover a shine black and white jewel of incredible workmanship . hung next to it be a plain stone talisman which the two ignore . up until this point moriana and fost have avoid the question of who will take the amulet but the matter be resolve when moriana stab fost through the heart as he reach for it .
74 hung next to it be a plain stone talisman which the two ignore . up until this point moriana and fost have avoid the question of who will take the amulet but the matter be resolve when moriana stab fost through the heart as he reach for it . sob with grief moriana fold fost s hand over the unremarkable stone which he grasp in his death throes and take the black and white jewel before leave the city in the company of ziore the ghost of an embittered nun who once follow erimenes teaching of denial .
49 after some time fost regain consciousness . it seem that the unregarded stone on his chest be in fact the amulet of live flame which have exhaust its final energy in revive he . fost learn from the abandon erimene that moriana have mistakenly take the destiny stone a jewel capable of alter its wearer s luck for good or ill . despite she treachery fost realise that he still love moriana and he and erimenes set off in pursuit to warn she of she mistake .
58 they enter the royal palace of larsha intricately carve from a single large rock formation of black basalt and where the treasure be suppose to lie hide . they light torch to find their way through various passage and eventually come to a vault . gaining entry they discover inside a glitter hoard of treasure gold silver and jewel in a vast pile of splendour . however guard this ancient wealth be the mummified corpse of seven giant warrior seat in chair which promptly come to life and attack the pair of adventurer as they be gather the treasure .
44 that night in shadizar conan swagger into his favorite tavern and make his way to the table where his sweetheart of the moment sit drink alone and begin boast of his adventure . he empty the contents of his treasure bag seven priceless green jewel worth enough to buy an entire kingdom onto the table and like the seven undead guardian they too crumble into worthless powder much to his chagrin . a magistrate then enter the tavern follow by a squad of the night watch with the intent to arrest he on his original charge of theft and the slaying of nestor s man . as it turn out nestor survive the earthquake at larsha and be discover by the authority drunk and like conan boasting of his feat .
29 gunderman agree and the two thief enter a tomb where three petrify sorcerer sit . conan shrug off another vision and destroy the corpse . conan steal two green jewel while gunderman fill his bag with gold however the destruction of the petrified corpse incite the rest of the guard to rise from the dead and attack the two man .
21 the discoverythe quest for jesus the small museum so far not as well know as it would deserve be an art jewel that keep and permanently display a rare series of fresco which be among the oldest in lombardy come from the monastery hosting it .
17 within the museum one feel the attention and love with which the sorore keep and protect this jewel in whose beauty they read the sign of a still present spirituality . art as an expression of religiosity beauty as a mean for ascesis .
79 garbone and the gypsy woman be intent on regain possession of the lamp and jake especially will stop at nothing to get it back . in the meantime a strange handyman be find lurk repeatedly . as the girl try to solve the mystery of the lamp they unearth little-known secret about the history of their school and their schoolmate evelyn starr while stay one step ahead of their pursuer and find the key to the miss starr family jewel and a miss starr sibling .
40 it have reach the restaurant magazine top 50 several time rank it as one of the world s finest restaurant . flower drum beat they all again by rachel wells from the age august 31 2004 local flower a ny jewel by andra jackson for the age december 30 2003 the flower drum be widely regard as a melbourne institution . the table have turn at the flower drum article from the age march 29 2003
22 alleged explorerskhashkhash the earliest report cite by proponent be the muruj adh-dhahab wa maadin aljawhar the meadow of gold and quarry of jewel of the muslim historian and geographer ali al-masudi 871-957 . ali al-masudus state that during the rule of the muslim caliph of al-andalus abdullah ibn mohammad a muslim navigator khashkhash ibn saeed ibn aswad from cordoba sail from delba palos in 889 cross the atlantic reach an unknown territory ard majhoola and return with fabulous treasure . tabish khair 2006 .
40 one day aladdin see princess sabrina daughter of the sultan by chance and fall in love with she . he ask his mother to go to the palace to ask for sabrina s hand in marriage give she two large jewel as a gift for the sultan . the sultan accept the gift but aladdin learn that princess sabrina be engage to the grand vizier . aladdin have the genie of the lamp bring sabrina to his house and the pair spend the entire night talk and get to know each other .
33 belle join she fellow teens on a trip to puerto rico where they be suppose to study the environment . instead she shawn and philip go on an adventure to find some miss jewel include a ruby belong to alice horton . much to the dismay of the criminally-minded paul the teens be successful and shawn be able to return the ruby to his great-grandmother .
11 blood in our wells be release in two non-vinyl format normal jewel case unlimited and available everywhere and super jewel case plus limited to 1000 hand-numbered copy and make available only through supernal music .
19 blood in our wells be release in two non-vinyl format normal jewel case unlimited and available everywhere and super jewel case plus limited to 1000 hand-numbered copy and make available only through supernal music .
33 next in line be ammu kutti . she be make to believe that he belong to the kerala chief minister’s family . both get marry only to see jeevan escape with she valuable jewel . radha a daughter of a staunch devotee of krishna be the next target . enter the hero in the guise of a revered swamiji .
34 enter the hero in the guise of a revered swamiji . he make everyone believe that he be an incarnation of lord krishna . he end up marry radha only to decamp with she jewel . monika a rich entrepreneur and a divorcee be also one of his soft target .
16 the release contain no art other than a sticker on the front of a plain clear jewel case and be press in both cd and 12 vinyl format .
37 hellgill arrive and tell lethe about the girl he have bring from the country . ‘blastfield’s ’ servant return to report that master quomodo will lend blastfield whatever money he may need . lethe give hellgill a jewel to present to the country wench . the gentleman all agree to meet again the following night .
72 on may 1 2009 borel win the kentucky oaks aboard rachel alexandra only the second time since 1993 that a jockey have win the oaks-derby combo and just the seventh jockey overall to accomplish this feat in the same year . on may 16 2009 borel win the 2009 preakness stakes at pimlico with thoroughbred filly rachel alexandra . in do so borel become the first jockey to win the first two jewel of the triple crown on different mount .
51 sung dynasty record from china mention indian merchant in port of south china . chinese interest in indian astrology and alchemy be well know . the penguin history of early india pp 382 dr. romila thapar south india export textile spice medicinal plant precious stone pottery salt make from salt pan jewel gold ivory rhino horn ebony and camphor to china . the same product reach port like dhofar aden . in addition aloe wood perfume sandalwood and condiment reach western port like siraf which be the entrypot to egypt arabia and persia .
16 miles be know by some collector of cd singles for the quote he include on his jewel case insert succinct expression of what he be attempt to communicate in write and produce the song . of one and one miles write
14 hermandad de penitencia del stmo . cristo del amparo las capas pardas web another jewel parade the street later on easter wednesday . its 150 member dress in the traditional brown capa alistana walk the street to the sound of traditional instrument such as the bombardino dimly light by their lantern . create in 1956 .
8 unlike dwm which come in a standard cd jewel case dwm re heat come in a flexible transparent plastic sleeve contain a loose cover and two square of protective black cardboard .
57 ben brantley in his review for the new york times write even charming be too weighty a word to describe the wispy appeal of amour new york times review . the reviewer on talkin broadway however write broadway s music box theatre may have find its most ideal tenant in quite a while . the delightful little jewel box of a musical amour ...deserves a lengthy stay there where it may enchant audience for a long time to come . talkin broadway review cary wong in filmscoremonthly write the lyric be mostly pedestrian and uninvolving and they make the already stock character even more one-dimensional . filmscoremonthly review
34 juliette de marny whose rescue by the scarlet pimpernel be tell in i will repay novel be stay with they at blakeney manor . chauvelin have manage to get his hand on she family jewel which be be look after by the local priest and have give a diamond necklace which belong to juliette s mother to désirée candielle .
12 when désirée turn up at the blakeney s richmond mansion wear the jewel there be a bitter argument between the woman . désirée manage to engineer the situation so that sir percy must fight chauvelin in a duel to avenge the insult levy against she for which they must go to france as duelling be outlaw in england .
32 the sorcerer derezong taash in the service of king vuar the capricious of lorsk be order to steal a magical gem from the temple of the goddess tandyla in lotri . the jewel be set as an eye in the goddess s statue . together with his apprentice zhamel seh taash undertake the errand which go suspiciously well its guardian almost seem to want it steal while the gem itself appear to want to stay with he . with a sense of foreboding taash decide he must return his prize to the temple while trick the king into think he have truly supply it thus become unwittingly embroil in a plot against the throne that reach to the very heart of the royal family ...
4 images signatureother louis sullivan jewel box farmers and merchants bank columbus wisconsin 1919 henry adams building algona iowa 1913
20 new york city time warner . february 13 1939 . . the arrangement eventually give way to the oregonian crown jewel of the pittock empire be sell to a succession of national newspaper chain .
62 magic and of the spirit world and of thing see and unseen and of thing once and future . it be large and leather-bound in appearance with page of a strange purple parchment the writing on the page be inscribe in a silvery ink that seem to shimmer and move about the page on its own . the spine be set with jewel of every colour apart from emerald arrange into a arabesque and the book s cover be hold close by an iron clasp secure with a pin . the grimmerie be create on earth but a sorcerer take it to oz some time before the event of the story to prevent its magical knowledge from be use for evil . he bring it to kiamo ko where it be place in an attic wardrobe and this be where elphaba the wicked witch of the west find it several year later .
16 fitzgrave katherine’s only reputable suitor give katherine a chain of pearl . katherine give he a jewel in return . frip primero goldstone the con man tailby the gigolo pursenet the pickpocket and pursenet’s boy enter . they be not please to see katherine converse with fitzgrave .
36 he tell ‘bowser ’ that primero’s ‘music school’ be an excellent place to meet the “bashful” daughter of man of worship . the courtesans sing a song . while they be sing pursenet’s boy steal a jewel out of ‘bowswer’/fitzgrave’s pocket the jewel katherine give he in 1.2 .
42 he tell ‘bowser ’ that primero’s ‘music school’ be an excellent place to meet the “bashful” daughter of man of worship . the courtesans sing a song . while they be sing pursenet’s boy steal a jewel out of ‘bowswer’/fitzgrave’s pocket the jewel katherine give he in 1.2 .
36 observe the proceedings from she hiding place mistress newcut recognize she idiot cousin bungler . she do not want bungler to see she in the brothel . frip court the novice he give she some pawned jewel . pursenet court the first courtesan he give she the chain of pearl steal from katherine in 1.2 . goldstone talk to the second courtesan he con a ring from she by pretend to be heartbroken because she have withhold “favors ” a euphemism for sex .
36 at goldstone’s suggestion the gallant agree to dine at the mitre that night . primero be persuade to allow the ‘music student ’/courtesans to attend the dinner as well . ‘bowswer’/fitzgrave realize he have lose the jewel katherine give he . he stamp his foot in anger . goldstone ask he what his problem be .
17 the second courtesan enter . she be also in love with tailby . she give he fitzgrave’s jewel which she have presumably receive as a gift for have sex with pursenet who steal the jewel from fitzgrave and exit . the novice enter . she be in love with tailby too .
34 the second courtesan enter . she be also in love with tailby . she give he fitzgrave’s jewel which she have presumably receive as a gift for have sex with pursenet who steal the jewel from fitzgrave and exit . the novice enter . she be in love with tailby too .
12 fitzgrave still disguise as ‘bowser’ be upset that he have lose the jewel katherine give he . he now realize that the ‘music school’ be a brothel and primero be a pimp . katherine’s servant enter and inform he that the chain of pearl he give katherine have be steal .
23 frip be wear fitzgrave s cloak goldstone have just pawn it to he he note that goldstone have also pawn the very same jewel he give to the novice in 2.1 . he wonder aloud if the novice have be untrue to him.pursenet see frip wear fitzgrave s cloak and mistake he for bowser . he believe that he have stumble on his chance for revenge for the wound fitzgrave give he in coombe park .
40 new york times . 2007-10-23 . . the cd release come in a cardboard package contain the cd lyric booklet and several artwork sticker this method of package encourage a do-it-yourself style whereupon the sticker be place on an unused jewel case to create a package . radiohead 2007-12-14 . youtube . .
15 medieval plantagenet trilogy # the falcon and the flower 1989 # the dragon and the jewel 1991 # the marriage prize 2000
66 the marriage do not take place however walter long be say to have dissolve the contract after elizabeth secretly tell he she would never be happy as his wife take on himself the entire blame for break off the alliance . he reputedly pay she father who be proceed to bring the transaction into court a settlement of ₤3000 . elizabeth be allow to keep the jewel and other gift long have shower upon she during their engagement .
55 marco come back on the scene . try to win rosie back he bring flower and have his agent ask rosie to release some jewelry which be in a safe deposit box . raju abit jealous do not want marco to have contact with rosie and forge rosie s name on the release of the jewel . rosie and raju drift apart . rosie learn of the forgery release and raju be convict of forgery result in a two year sentence .
11 age 10 voiced by mikako takahashi a pink-haired little girl with jewel on she glove which may be a reference to magic knight rayearth as be the name of the wolkenritter that be actually a new type of device a boost device name kerykeion . she seem to have a magic circle that be light pink but then it also show that she have a magical square just like lutecia . she first use she magical square in episode 17 when she summon the dragon king to destroy .
7 four treasures of the study or four jewel of the study chinese traditional 文房四寶 simplified 文房四宝 pinyin wén fáng sì bǎo japanese 文房四宝 bunbō shihō or four friend of the study korean 문방사우 文房四友 mun bang sa woo be an expression use to denote the brush ink paper and ink stone use in chinese and other east asian calligraphic tradition . the name appear to originate in the time of the southern and northern dynasty 420-589 ad .
32 the four treasures chinese culture be very fond of four word couplet and the four treasures be another example 文房四寶 筆、墨、紙、硯 pinyin wén fáng sì bǎo bǐ mò zhǐ yàn the four jewel of the study brush ink paper inkstone . in the couplet mention each of the treasures be refer to by a single epithet however each of these be usually know by a compound name i .e . the brush 毛筆 literally hand brush/pen .
17 the dark knight s first night a short pilot episode in which batman stop a couple of jewel thief . batman the animated series beginning with the episode on leather wing and end with the episode the worry men . batman mask of the phantasm theatrical feature animate film
56 # hypsipylé first wife of jason be depict wear an embroider coif or cap decorate with small slash with she hair braid down she back underneath . she wear a square-necked gown with flare sleeve french 1496–98. # another fashionable headdress of this period feature a striped veil wrap over an embroidered padded roll with a jewel wear over a coif tie under the chin . the portion over the brow be probably a matching forehead cloth rather than part of the coif . the loose square-necked gown of figure silk be wear over a black partlet french 1496–98.
44 # john the fearless d . 1419 duke of burgundy and father of philip the good wear a fur-lined black houppelande with high neck and dagged sleeve over a red doublet . his bag-shaped hat have a roll brim and be decorate with a jewel . early 15th century . # young man wear a drape chaperon and a dark gown over a reddish doublet .
72 # two gonzaga prince wear the family colour with parti-coloured hose with ornamental point lace . # margherita portinari a banker s daughter of bruges miller i miraculous childbirth and the portinari altarpiece the art bulletin june 1 1995 online at retrieve 3/19/2007 wear a green gown lace up the front with a single lace over a dark kirtle . she hair be wear loose under a black cap with a pendant jewel netherlands 1476–78 .
2 former anchor jewel now sears montgomery ward vacant be redevelop in 2009 by cbl mall national tea supermarket
14 history in the reign of king chulalongkorn rama v tai people work for the jewel mine at doi pok ka long rob mueang phrae . the king order phraya surasak montri to solve the problem . phraya surasak montri base his camp in ban den thap chai .
26 it be a collection of 3 short love story # a fairytale for you お伽話をあなたに otogibanashi will anata ni # a fairytale for you 2 the jewel princess otogibanashi will anata ni 2 housekus hime # carefree maria kimagure na maria
49 at the same time maggie and tom start drift away from each other . meanwhile one night margo accidentally get lock in fashion ltd. while investigate the place . unfortunately that night and james decide that there be too many people who suspect that he be smuggling drug and jewel run through fashions so he decide to have it torch while margo be lock inside luckily margo be save by ernie ross and she sister cricket and all three get the fire out and save fashion . but as she wait for ernie and cricket to save she margo stumble across the cache of illegal drug and jewel
78 unfortunately that night and james decide that there be too many people who suspect that he be smuggling drug and jewel run through fashions so he decide to have it torch while margo be lock inside luckily margo be save by ernie ross and she sister cricket and all three get the fire out and save fashion . but as she wait for ernie and cricket to save she margo stumble across the cache of illegal drug and jewel despite she have find the evidence tom read margo the riot act for almost have herself kill and he fire she . undeterred when margo learn about a connection between stenbeck and mr. big margo follow james to paris to see what he be up to .
54 the most typical mitre in the eastern catholic church be base on the closed imperial crown of the late byzantine empire . it be make in the shape of a bulbous crown completely enclose and the material be of brocade damask or cloth of gold . it may be embroider and richly decorate with jewel . there be normally four icon attach to the mitre christ the theotokos john the baptist and the cross . eastern mitre be usually gold but other liturgical colour may be use .
7 alfred throw at she foot an ancient jewel of his and mary reveal the essence of christian life part of which be the necessity of fight against tremendous odds .
28 the masque have be describe somewhat romantically as a work of fragile transient loveliness feature noble dancer in their crimson satin and white with heron feather wave and jewel flash as they make their graceful movement in the torchlight . white p . 17 .
9 bosie also participate in the hunt for the doomwyte jewel and be one of the main player responsible for the victory over the doomwytes . he help zaran the black collapse the hillside above their lair by chop at a sycamore on frubb s direction .
17 in the epilogue rachel be live on a kibbutz in israel which be fund with the money jewel and other article steal from the jews where she work as a school teacher . suddenly shooting be hear in the background the suez crisis have begin . plot summary base on a book report by teacher kees van der pol .
39 other character be red rudy røde ruben a former sailor who live together with aunt bessie tante bassa in luna bay kjuttavika . he want to be an honest and peaceful man but be maniacally interested for gold and jewel an interest he share with the pirate . he and bessie work on a tavern together with she niece veronica sunniva . veronica become a friend with tiny .
13 at the disastrous siege of beauvais in 1472 antoine reportedly lose his best jewel . in 1475 he be again send as a diplomat to the king of england the duke of brittany the kings of sicily portugal aragon and naples and to venice and the pope who receive he with great honour . in the middle of these travels he manage to find time to call in at the siege of neuss and later that year he participate in the conquest of the duchy of lorraine .
16 soapnet.com . . she meet with corrupt llanview police commissioner lee ramsey who have steal the jewel at she request but soon ramsey be gun down and tina be on the run with the jewel from the sinister u.s. ambassador to mendorra jonas chamberlain who apparently want they for himself . one life to live recap 6/12/08 abc.com one life to live recap 6/13/08 abc.com tina find refuge with she estrange daughter sarah and sarah s boyfriend cristian vega one life to live recap 6/18/08 abc.com
34 soapnet.com . . she meet with corrupt llanview police commissioner lee ramsey who have steal the jewel at she request but soon ramsey be gun down and tina be on the run with the jewel from the sinister u.s. ambassador to mendorra jonas chamberlain who apparently want they for himself . one life to live recap 6/12/08 abc.com one life to live recap 6/13/08 abc.com tina find refuge with she estrange daughter sarah and sarah s boyfriend cristian vega one life to live recap 6/18/08 abc.com
58 in mendorra tina get the royal treatment from she palace staff and be reunite with she husband crown prince helmut krakoff really cain rogan in yet another disguise . meanwhile the real mastermind behind the kidnapping reveal himself to his daughter talia carlo hesser . one life to live recap 7/3/08 abc.com cain be anxious to keep the jewel they have work so hard for but tina be desperate to exchange they for sarah . she bemoan she lot in life say i should have go back to cord one life to live recap 7/7/08 abc.com carlo bend on revenge for tina s part in johnny dee s death expose she and cain s fraud publicly and reveal jonas as the true heir to the throne one life to live recap 7/17/08 abc.com he add that per mendorran law cain and tina will be behead for their treason . one life to live recap 7/18/08 abc.com carlo and his minion first drag tina sarah and cristian to the river above the treacherous hohenstein falls .
24 before tina can alert the family tess trap she in the secret room . one life to live recap 9/3/08 soaps.com tess discover the jewel in the safe and threaten to not only tell the authority but a vengeful carlo as well . fearing for herself and especially sarah tina begrudgingly agree to not only stay quiet but to help tess drag a drugged natalie down into the secret room . a guilty tina try to thwart tess several time but be always catch tina send jared down to the basement to find natalie but tess trap he as well .
43 she be describe as tall woman with blonde hair in a tight bun who wear big black boot . she be see long white coat with a name tag that read dr. orwell and hold a long black cane with a shiny red jewel on the top . in the same novel she and sunny baudelaire have a swordfight in which georgina push the red jewel on she cane whereupon it instantly transform into a sword .
46 she be see long white coat with a name tag that read dr. orwell and hold a long black cane with a shiny red jewel on the top . in the same novel she and sunny baudelaire have a swordfight in which georgina push the red jewel on she cane whereupon it instantly transform into a sword .
40 the brown grand theatre near completion circa 1907open night at its completion the brown grand theatre stand sixty-feet high and spanned one-hundred twenty foot in length . renaissance in style and overall design the $ 40,000 structure become a priceless jewel amid rare aesthetic fich in a small town in turn of the century mid-america . the formal opening of the brown grand theatre take place september 17 1907 with the production the vanderbilt cup a comedy set against the backdrop of the auto racing trophy vanderbilt cup . inside cloud happy 100th birthday brown grand theatre by jenny acree september 21 2007
31 marilen marilen be a toran woman originally believe to be lief s fiance . the rumour be encourage as he bring she to del in the dead of night take palace jewel to give to she and give strict order that she remain on the upper floor of the palace and that she meal be prepare separately . she appearance in lief s life cause a great deal of jealousy for jasmine who harbour romantic feeling for lief . it be later reveal that marilen be merely a distant cousin on lief s father s side and be bring to del to continue the royal line should lief die on the quest to free the deltoran slave in the shadowlands .
65 she appearance in lief s life cause a great deal of jealousy for jasmine who harbour romantic feeling for lief . it be later reveal that marilen be merely a distant cousin on lief s father s side and be bring to del to continue the royal line should lief die on the quest to free the deltoran slave in the shadowlands . the palace jewel be merely use to create a false belt of deltora that lief would wear while marilen would protect the original . upon lief s return marilen return to tora with ranesh whom she marry and have a son name josef . later she return to del with ranesh and josef .
110 the vast number of they have create a simple ecosystem similar to a desert above the hive . strangely the hive somehow have an ability to draw live creature into the desert and once that live thing be draw it be curse to forever be tempt to go to the hive though the power of the lapis lazuli counteract and remove the curse from lief something that happen to a mere woman name rigane who spend she life live on the outskirts of the desert and study the sand beasts and other creature of the desert . the hive then become the guardian s of the lapis lazuli and the jewel become part of the hive s pyramid beneath the ground . however the hive will not take one s life if you offer they something as tribute jasmine s dagger also become part of the pyramid . lief enter the cone in the center of the desert to retrieve the gem while barda and jasmine calm the hive by use smoke .
49 in this image the queen stand on a map of england she foot on oxfordshire . the painting have be trim and the background poorly repaint so that the inscription and sonnet be incomplete . storm rage behind she while the sun shine before she and she wear a jewel in the form of a celestial or armillary sphere close to she left ear . the new portrait aesthetic do not please the age queen and in the many version of this painting make with the allegorical item remove likely in gheeraerts workshop elizabeth s feature be softened from the stark realism of she face in the original . one of these be send as a diplomatic gift to the grand duke of tuscany and be now in the palazzo pitti .
12 midnight club be a 1933 crime film about a gang of london jewel thief infiltrate by an undercover agent george raft . the movie be direct by alexander hall and george somnes .
43 be the relinquishment of the trial by jury and the liberty of the press necessary for your liberty will the abandonment of your most sacred rights tend to the security of your liberty liberty the greatest of all earthly blessings—give we that precious jewel and you may take every thing else see also anti-federalism anti-federalist papers .
8 10 molly coddled 1990 1990 covington a notorious jewel thief hide a valuable item in the sea duck . when he try to retrieve it however he discover that baloo and kit have clean out the plane and molly have add the item to she doll collection . 11
31 24 a touch of glass 1990 1990 want to cater to only the upper class rebecca put up the sea duck as collateral insurance for what appear to be a valuable jewel shipment . however baloo lose the shipment and the sea duck to what turn out to be two con artist pose as a wealthy couple . 25
26 gilliland james . eceti . . he study 6 year of yoga and have receive the teaching of the inner christ certificate and the rigdzin norbu jewel of pure awareness certificate .
26 story bijou mean jewel in french and the reason this cocktail be call bijou be because it combine all the color of the three most precious jewel in the world diamond gin ruby vermouth and emerald chartreuse . the real bijou be suppose to be make pousse-cafe style so the color be not mixed and the color of all the jewel be beautiful and define which look like jewels hence the name bijou . nowadays bijou cocktail be serve with the ingredient all mixed together which be call by a different name amber dream for the color it show .
60 story bijou mean jewel in french and the reason this cocktail be call bijou be because it combine all the color of the three most precious jewel in the world diamond gin ruby vermouth and emerald chartreuse . the real bijou be suppose to be make pousse-cafe style so the color be not mixed and the color of all the jewel be beautiful and define which look like jewels hence the name bijou . nowadays bijou cocktail be serve with the ingredient all mixed together which be call by a different name amber dream for the color it show .
7 his work from insect lab specifically a jewel beetle appear on the cover of tachyon publications the new weird compile and edit by jeff and ann vandermeer . in september of 2008 romanian publisher millenium press print an edition of the new weird in their own language for this edition an image of a tarantulum be use for the cover .
6 blasterball 3 2006 tornado jockey 2005 jewel thief 2005 evergirl 2005 polar tubing 2005
18 # shoo 주기도문 # 동완 dong wan 전진 jun jin fly to the sky snow baby # boa jewel song # yoo young jin white mail # shoo eric andy shinvi i miss you
63 the previous year in particular witness an enrapturing performance by one of the most mellifluous voice of the nation – kk. with an audience of over 3000 chanting in unison “encore ” the pronite truly bring to the fore the essence of incident. as the amphitheatre reverberate to the sound of music thousand gather to experience this colossal event which be the brightest jewel in the crown that be incident.
47 although they flourish all over south india in maharashtra their settlement be locate mainly in the vidarbha region particularly around nagpur . they bury their dead ceremonially and erect huge stone in a circular fashion around the burial area hence megalith . the corpse be deck with jewel and even the horse fully ornament be bury with its master . a number of iron tool and weapon be deposit in the burial pit . they use to play horse race game every week .
61 in the midway station colonel carter amanda tapping and bill lee bill dow be contact by the apollo inform they atlantis do not arrive . carter and lee eventually decide to find the city by use the apollo to perform small jump along the city s path and augment their sensor to increase the chance of find atlantis . dr. keller jewel staite exhaust she medical expertise to save weir and ask mckay to reprogramme the nanite weir be infect with in the real world . against sheppard s order mckay go ahead with it .
8 low re scan of book cover the dreaming jewel by teodore sturgeon 1950 greenberg first edition hardcover for use in illustrating article about book . retrieve from and subsequently crop .
18 the temptation otis williams ron tyson terry weeks joe herndon bruce williamson as themselves jackson browne as himself jewel as herself ghostface killah as himself lurie poston as a cox kid
51 elena and robledo fall in love under the starsfontenoy before propose a toast back at their home the marquis who have encourage his wife s affair with fontenoy inform elena that he too be overwhelm with debt . distraught over the incident and the departure of robledo back she empty she jewel box give all that she receive from fontenoy to the marquis . robledo arrive to comfort his friend and tell he that he be return to argentina . as he be leave elena try to convince he that she really do love he but he do not and depart quickly .
4 shimmer — a pink jewel beetle voice by rebecca brenner . she be one of miss spider and holley s adoptive child .
7 this way may refer to this way jewel album a 2001 album by jewel this way jewel song a 2002 single by jewel and title track from this way this way acoustic alchemy album a 2007 album by acoustic alchemy
13 this way may refer to this way jewel album a 2001 album by jewel this way jewel song a 2002 single by jewel and title track from this way this way acoustic alchemy album a 2007 album by acoustic alchemy
16 this way may refer to this way jewel album a 2001 album by jewel this way jewel song a 2002 single by jewel and title track from this way this way acoustic alchemy album a 2007 album by acoustic alchemy this way michelle branch song a 2009 song by michelle branch
43 gallerylake buhi at buenavista pointlake buhi and mt . asogvolcanic rock on lake buhiview atop barit river bridge one of lake buhi s tributary float cottage in lake buhi photo courtesy from virtualtourist member jenn2kbake sinarapan burirawan eelexternal links lake buhi bicol’s hidden jewel
5 4f cav. guido fenzi m jewel issue
8 plot nick lassiter tom selleck be a gentleman jewel thief in 1934 london england . he be arrest by the police after break into a london mansion and after be a member of a phony lineup in which he be positively identify by a law enforcement plant british law enforcement and the fbi blackmail lassiter to break into the german embassy and steal $ 10 million in nazi diamond from a german spy lauren hutton but first he must locate their hiding place . the gem be en route from south america and will be sell to help finance hitler s military buildup .
59 all who pray in jerusalem it be as if he pray before the throne of glory because the gate of heaven be situate there — pirkei de-rabbus eliezer 35 in the merit of jerusalem i split the sea for they — yalkut shimoni isaiah 473 in the future the suburb of jerusalem will be fill with precious stone and jewel and all of israel will come and take they — yalkut shimoni isaiah 478 from the day jerusalem be destroy god have no joy until he rebuild jerusalem and return israel to it — yalkut shimoni lamentations 1009
78 with both woman as his bride he can sacrifice gracie law to the emperor and keep miao yin for himself . at his wedding after succeed in use the needle of love to marry miao yin egg shen wang chi jack and several chang sings crash the party and lo pan enter mystical combat with egg shen . after use his power to deflect a crystal missile egg shen pull out of his six demon bag a purple jewel and lo pan put his finger together to project a green beam . the beam from the gem and lo pan meet create a pair of chinese warrior with sword . after a battle of will between the two that cause the warrior to fight they simultaneously strike each other down and lo pan state you never could beat me imply that the pair have fight each other before .
51 academicsmedia immersion program one of the most distinctive program feature in the degrassi community school be its media immersion program teach by mr. simpson and hold in the computer lab . the program feature over 50 high speed computer with internet access via adsl as of 2001 mr. raditch and the jewel of the degrassi crown the media immersion lab . every computer here be connect to the internet via high speed telephone access degrassi the next generation episode mother and child reunion part 1 episode one season one . aired 2001 and other educational program .
40 radzinsky edvard the last tsar doubleday 1992 isbn 0-385-42371-3 p . 230 nonetheless she marry soloviev on october 5 1917 . they return to siberia and live for several week in rasputin s house at pokrovskoye . later soloviev take jewel from the tsar and tsarina to help arrange for their escape but keep the fund for himself . later after the bolsheviks take power soloviev turn in the officer who have come to ekaterinburg to plan the escape of the romanovs . soloviev lose the money he have obtain from the jewel during the civil war that follow .
55 later soloviev take jewel from the tsar and tsarina to help arrange for their escape but keep the fund for himself . later after the bolsheviks take power soloviev turn in the officer who have come to ekaterinburg to plan the escape of the romanovs . soloviev lose the money he have obtain from the jewel during the civil war that follow . radzinsky the rasputin file pp . 493-494 there be also several report of young people in russia pass themselves off as romanov escapee follow the revolution .
77 the deer gallery would be the final project at least thought of during chapter 17 . daji have choose this deer gallery as an ensured way to put an end to jiang ziya who have be entrust to create the impossible the gallery itself . this large tower like structure would be forty-nine foot in height double the size of the star-picking belvadere fully equip with column of jade floor of marble roof and ceiling of legendary jewel and railing of great pearl and sea coral .
77 various grave type have be discover some be simple dirt hole other coated with clay or undecorate or paint clay urn yet other be shape like box cover in clay or jug-shaped jug-shaped most probably constitute the majority of infant or child burial . the grave goods usually place in the grave next to or above the dead be vary and sometimes in earthen container . often they be personal or relate to their occupation such as jewel pin buckle mirror weapon though these be rare needle hook bill-hook knife or very often in female and child grave clay figurine represent various animal foodstuff or human form such as actor . some of the goods be locally make whilst some be from other commercial centre and workshop of the ancient world . burial custom and similar type of grave which have be discover resemble many other cemetery in other ancient city of macedonia and thrace reveal the connection through trade to so much of the greek-speaking east as well as to other well-known centre of the peloponnessus especially euboea athens corinth and boeotia .
50 the crown of swedensweden’s crown jewels be keep deep in the vault of the royal treasury underneath the royal palace in stockholm . the symbol of swedish monarchy have not actually be wear since 1907 but they be still display at wedding christening and funeral . until 1974 the crown jewel be also display at the opening of the riksdag parliament . among the oldest priceless object be the sword of gustav vasa and the crown orb sceptre and key of king erik xiv and numerous other sovereign .
21 ...beside a lapi lazuli rock mountain be a red lotus with eight petal in the middle a blue rat expel various jewel above shri ganapati with a body red in colour have an elephant face with sharp white tusk and possessing three eye black hair tie in a topknot with a wishing-gem and a red silk ribbon all in a bundle on the crown of the head . with twelve hand the six right hold an axe arrow hook vajra sword and spear . the six leave hold a pestle bow khatvanga skullcup fill with blood skullcup fill with human flesh and a shield together with a spear and banner .
44 the peaceful right and leave hand be signify by the vajra and skullcup fill with blood hold to the heart . the remain hand be display in a threatening manner . wear various silk as a lower garment and adorn with a variety of jewel ornament the left foot be extend in a dance manner stand in the middle of the bright ray of red flickering light . ngorchen konchog lhundrup 1497-1557 a gift of dharma to kublai khan by chogyal phagpa seventh patriarch of sakya . ngorchen konchog lhundup ngor cho byung folia 323 328 .
43 in the day lead up to the event dealer ’ stock and household store be ransack to supply the demand for ornament and historical accuracy . all the jeweler who deal in antique be clean out of all they have on hand . jewel hold as heirloom by the old family of new york be take from safety vault . lace that have be lock away in family chest or in safe deposit vault for long year have be retrieve . “the bradley martin ball a wealth of heirlooms in antique jewels and rare old laces to be show . ”
68 at half past 10 a group of carriage arrive and before 11 the stream of guest have become continuous . the guest be usher in to the waldorf whereupon they ascend to the corridor on the second floor where 15 dressing room be available for the use and comfort of the guest . some guest prefer not to expose themselves on the street while wear tempting fortune in jewel and lace change into their costume at this point . this be n’t do through any feeling of fear but merely as a wise precaution . wigmaker and make-up artist be available in these room .
34 the two other lai-lai jewels belong to kou kameo which be more like a crystal . to appease daijinryuu s wrath the lai-lai jewels leave the dairangers . fifty year later the five primary jewel resurface in the new dairangers hand . dairinkens 大輪剣 dairinken big wheel blades circular bladed weapon give to the dairangers by grandmaster yufang in episode 14 .
39 later in the series he witness the dairanger transform when they revive won tiger . he make a live out of sell illustration he make and dream of write child s book . one day he find a lai-lai jewel that reveal his true nature as daimugen . however he resume his true form when his new friend kazu be in danger from the gorma four deva kings . since then daimugen appear only when the dairanger need his aid change into super mythical qi warrior daimugen 超気伝武人ダイムゲン chō kiden bujin daimugen by the command super warrior change cho bujin henge to re-energize ryuuseioh .
6 vanaja my mexican shiva rome and jewel honeydripper external links emerging pictures official website
32 accompany taran s commot man after the fall of caer dathyl he inadvertendly cause the collapse of a fair folk mine shaft the commot people be pass through whilst greedily dig up jewel force they to turn back . in annuvin he and gurgi stumble upon arwan s treasure room . though gurgi suspect the room be rig with trap glew try to steal treasure from it .
32 child learn by rote and little concern be give to how child develop . from 1948 to 1953 he develop his highly influential theory of human development and education . the crown jewel of his research be on developmental task . havighurst try to define the developmental stage on many level .
20 pet also have stats which be obtain through the enchantment of the pet . enchanting be do by use enchanting jewel which be buy from pet shop . once the pet have be enchant their stats be add onto the player stats give the player an increase in whichever stat jewel be use .
50 pet also have stats which be obtain through the enchantment of the pet . enchanting be do by use enchanting jewel which be buy from pet shop . once the pet have be enchant their stats be add onto the player stats give the player an increase in whichever stat jewel be use .
33 janj sing when the janj marriage procession be to be greet . milni sing at the ritual introduction of the two side . ghenne de geet sing when the bride be adorn with jewel . siftan song in praise of the bridegroom chhandh evolve from poetry song of joy .
65 around 300 bc 200 bc the migration of celts bring central europe a more advanced technological culture . the second largest metallurgic center in europe be locate near maramureş at galish-lovachka near the present town of mukachevo . apart from silver coin over a thousand metal tool have be find there such as scissors for cut sheep wool scythe or sword and the remains of jewel workshop . the migration of the celts also have negative effect . it gradually lead to hostility between the celt and the local getae-dacian .
38 alice to nowhere be a 1986 australian film set in the outback . the title refer to alice springs a town in the centre of the country . the plot involve a nurse and a pair of ruthless jewel thief .
70 she kiss he tell he not to let anyone else kiss he on that cheek and sit under a lime tree to await he . on the fourth day without his return she pack up three dress embroider with sun moon and star and set out to seek he . she be unable to find he whoever she ask and finally take a job as a cowherd and bury she jewel and dress under a rock . she make a pet of a little calf and sing to it of she be abandon .
14 family jewels may refer to the follow jewelry that be a family heirloom family jewel be slang for a male s testicle . family jewels refer to a set of report on the cia s illegal activity . family jewels be a compilation dvd by the hard rock band ac/dc .
49 1956 turbulent tangier lilius3 an account of the money market and smuggling operation in post-war tangier . the book be also publish as lady jaguar and be a picture of a morocco in transition during unstable french rule . lilius come across terrorist encounter a muslim reformer traffick in jewel etc . the title allude to a somewhat shadowy smuggler queen in tangier whom lilius claim to have know personally . 1956 memorarerna ung man i farten memoirs a young man s journey
21 not only do they fail in this objective but their fire engine be steal by criminal intent on steal the crown jewel from the tower of london .
13 this album be release with two different package . one be the standard jewel case and the other a cardboard folding case feature a few more piece of artwork inside and a red bookmark attach to the case . both pressing however contain the exact same song material .
42 become a left arm part . its formation special attack be call tiger attack タイガーアタック taigā atakku a punch attack that be usually use alongside gaoshark s shark shot . gaoelephant ガオエレファント gaoerefanto one of gao white s additional power animal its jewel be embed within a stone find with a scroll in the liewan shinto temple . gaoelephant rest within gazou mountain until it be awake by tetomu . gaoelephant can perform hundred beast armament turn itself into the elephant sword エレファントソード erefanto sōdo and the elephant shield エレファントシールド erefanto shīrudo for gaoking to use as gaoking sword shield ガオキングソード＆シールド gaokingu sōdo ando shīrudo use the finish attack be powerful bisection evil crusher 豪力両断イビルクラッシャー gōriki ryōdan ibiru kurasshā .
44 when combine with gaohunter when it be evil its attack be spirit penatration neck thrust 精霊貫徹ネックスラスト seirei kantetsu nekku surasuto . gaogiraffe make a cameo in hurricaneger vs. gaoranger . gaobear gaopolar ガオベアー＆ガオポーラー gaobeā to gaopōrā gaoyellow s additional power animal he carry the jewel but give they to blue and white when use who originally appear as mysterious boy in black and white respectively . after gaoyellow retrieve flower for gaobear and gaopolar they give he two seed that turn into their gao jewels . gaobear use the power of fire and transform into a left arm part .
52 gaomadillo ガオマジロ gaomajiro one of gaoblack s additional power animal chant madi マジ maji . he along with gaorhinos be summon by gaobison to help against rouki after gaobison be badly injure by lawnmower org . gaomadillo originally appear in a miniaturized form in the guise of soccerball when it give their jewel to gaoblack . when use in combination with gaorhinos gaomadillo go into gaorhinos s right foot . gaomadillo be once use by gaoking another arm as a bowling ball for the super-fast rotation tornado gaomadillo spin 超速回転トルネードガオマジロスピン chōsoku kaiten torunēdo gaomajiro supin technique in order to counter bowling org s bowling ball .
55 in the past shirogane and murasaki use to play music for it . but after murasaki s throat be injure by some orgette it become angry at shirogane for fail to protect murasaki and leave . with some help from tetomu gaosilver be able to play for gaodeers once again and it give tetomu its jewel . afterwards tetomu give its jewel to gao white . when use with gaoking or gaomuscle it add the word cross horn クロスホーン kurosu hōn to that formation’s name .
48 but after murasaki s throat be injure by some orgette it become angry at shirogane for fail to protect murasaki and leave . with some help from tetomu gaosilver be able to play for gaodeers once again and it give tetomu its jewel . afterwards tetomu give its jewel to gao white . when use with gaoking or gaomuscle it add the word cross horn クロスホーン kurosu hōn to that formation’s name . its signature move be cleanse radiance manifestation bubble capture 清輝顕現バブルキャプチャー seiki kengen baburu kyapuchā to seal enemy and natural-reverse horn crash 天地逆転ホーンクラッシュ tenchi gyakuten hōn kurasshu for a final blow .
67 madame duvalier s family amass wealth at an unprecedented rate during the later part of jean claude s dictatorship . by the end of his fifteen-year rule baby doc and his wife have become famous for their vulgarity and corruption . the national palace become the scene of opulent costume party where the young president once appear dress as a turkish sultan to dole out ten-thousand dollar jewel as door prize while the homeless be encourage to watch the festivity on television that have be set up in the park where they sleep .
12 krishna bhatt have receive numerous award and honor include the sangeet kalaratna jewel of music in 2009 . he be also present the “gunijan” award by the president of india mrs. pratibha patil in 2005 and be confer the “kalashiroman” samman by the maharaja of jodhpur shri gajsinghji and shri john singhji of jaipur virasat foundation in 2007 in rajasthan india . krishna bhatt have be twice the recipient of the prestigious aiis fellowship award in 1998 and 2004 in the category of perform art .
0 jewel of the orderjérôme with star and commander s jewel of the order . painting by sophie lienard
9 jewel of the orderjérôme with star and commander s jewel of the order . painting by sophie lienard
54 during its history naomh barróg have expand to now include membership from not only kilbarrack-foxfield but the neighboring area of bayside baldoyle sutton park donaghmede and grange-woodbine . with full and social membership now total over 1000 naomh barrógs ’ new clubhouse be open on 14 july 2001 . this superb facility be the jewel in the club crown and be a new sporting and social focal point as naomh barróg look forward to an exiting and successful future . naomh barróg currently have senior football status and therefore play in the dublin senior football championship . barróg also compete in the division two of the dublin senior football league .
57 there he find obaba now transform into a fiend and defeat she . the stone reveal a portal down to the underworld where ishtaros await the ninja at the gates of hell with an unconscious momiji as she hostage . the fiend steal the seven dragonstone and the eighth be reveal to be in ishtaros possession the jewel embed into she crown . ishtaros go on the offensive state since she have control of all eight stone and the dragon sword s power be nothing without the eye of the dragon ryu cannot defeat she . suddenly the spirit of the deceased shrine maiden kureha appear and draw out momiji s spirit .
61 robots 2008 2008 303 arr it be oliday it be the time of year that betty and she family take a family trip to a pirate-themed amusement park leave x-5 to take care of the house but not before x-5 hand betty his new invention . meanwhile in space greenbeard s ship have fall apart whilst in the middle of steal jewel from the planet pacula . greenbeard demand to find a new ship and arrive on earth at the theme park . as betty and she family settle in on go into a waterslide with a pirate ship greenbeard also set his sight on it to use as his new ship .
73 see greenbeard betty attempt to corral she parent to safety but betty s parent believe greenbeard and his crew be park employee put on a show . as betty retreat to find sparky greenbeard take betty s parent hostage after hear about betty s mother s snack which be term gold bar . take the ship and betty s parent with they greenbeard leave earth for pacula to make another attempt at the jewel . after refuse to hand over the gold bar greenbeard attempt to keelhaul betty s parent but they be save by sparky who have be on the ride when greenbeard have hijack the ship . betty she parent and sparky return to the deck of the ship just as greenbeard discover that there be too many jewel to steal and the ship cannot hold they all .
77 take the ship and betty s parent with they greenbeard leave earth for pacula to make another attempt at the jewel . after refuse to hand over the gold bar greenbeard attempt to keelhaul betty s parent but they be save by sparky who have be on the ride when greenbeard have hijack the ship . betty she parent and sparky return to the deck of the ship just as greenbeard discover that there be too many jewel to steal and the ship cannot hold they all . after an explosion occur on the ship cause by have too many jewel greenbeard attempt to steal the gold bar again as a consolation prize but he and his crew be quickly dispatch by betty she parent and sparky betty s father take photo as the other three be do the fighting . however they be unable to control the ship as it drift at high speed towards earth .
78 after refuse to hand over the gold bar greenbeard attempt to keelhaul betty s parent but they be save by sparky who have be on the ride when greenbeard have hijack the ship . betty she parent and sparky return to the deck of the ship just as greenbeard discover that there be too many jewel to steal and the ship cannot hold they all . after an explosion occur on the ship cause by have too many jewel greenbeard attempt to steal the gold bar again as a consolation prize but he and his crew be quickly dispatch by betty she parent and sparky betty s father take photo as the other three be do the fighting . however they be unable to control the ship as it drift at high speed towards earth . however thanks to x-5 s invention a motorized pinwheel the ship be able to reenter earth s atmosphere safely and the ship land back at the amusement park .
51 suspicious of winter leave lauren souljah s sister switch the red coach bag into which winter have put she prized belongings with another bag . winter take a cab to a hotel in new jersey and realize that she bag be swap . she be now leave with no money no jewel and no protection .
41 for 25 year he remain a cia informant as he rise through the rank eventually become a general . cia officer speak in superlative about the kind of information he provide . sandy grimes say of he polyakov be our crown jewel ... the best source at least to my knowledge that american intelligence have ever have and i would submit although i certainly can not be certain but the best source that any intelligence service have ever have . cnn . 1998-01-30 . . james woolsey say of he polyakov be the jewel in the crown .
61 sandy grimes say of he polyakov be our crown jewel ... the best source at least to my knowledge that american intelligence have ever have and i would submit although i certainly can not be certain but the best source that any intelligence service have ever have . cnn . 1998-01-30 . . james woolsey say of he polyakov be the jewel in the crown . accord to all account he be not interest in money but be act purely from principle .
32 a precocious and vibrant infant . while technically newborn she character have mature and grow more intelligent during she stay in the series . she possess a palpable lust for shiny object jewel and precious metal and brand-name goods be able to discern a real jewel from a simple piece of imitation and throw away the latter . she emulate she mother in she utterly stubborn pursuit of handsome young man who catch she eye not unlikely she brother . in she family she be an icon of adoration and annoyance cause trouble she cannot be blame for give she infantile innocence .
45 a precocious and vibrant infant . while technically newborn she character have mature and grow more intelligent during she stay in the series . she possess a palpable lust for shiny object jewel and precious metal and brand-name goods be able to discern a real jewel from a simple piece of imitation and throw away the latter . she emulate she mother in she utterly stubborn pursuit of handsome young man who catch she eye not unlikely she brother . in she family she be an icon of adoration and annoyance cause trouble she cannot be blame for give she infantile innocence .
14 the shrine also include a number of smaller wooden column with burnt offering mostly jewel agricultural product and animal bury next to they .
44 in 2003 she appear on the calculator track cellophane on the secret life of us 3 soundtrack cd. also in 2003 she be one of many guest vocalist during you be i s triple j live at the wireless session sing the band s jewel and bullet and damage .
29 radiowaves be the final studio album by norwegian rock band seigmen . it be sing entirely in english . the album come in two edition a limited edition black jewel case and a transparent jewel case .
34 radiowaves be the final studio album by norwegian rock band seigmen . it be sing entirely in english . the album come in two edition a limited edition black jewel case and a transparent jewel case .
3 vienne be a jewel of a city in a rich setting stand on temperate plain roughly in the center of the country with roll hill and olive grove on the warmer coast to the southwest rich forested midland and black-soiled farmland in the terraced valley of the high country to the north .
44 lautoka lay spread beneath the sun a small immensely attractive town the second biggest in fiji . on she way there meredith stop over at beautiful hibiscus island on the dry side of fiji . the palm shade coral firnged hibiscus island be a jewel set in a sapphire and jade sea .
61 kage tsukai no deshi 影使いの弟子 10 november 2007 17 november 2008 toonamus jetstream shu and blue dragon be send to the nearest town to find a blacksmith to make a replacement part for the mechat and also to get supplies . on their way to the nearest village shu and blue dragon save a boy name tonto from local bandit whose jewel be take from tonto . upon arrive in the village shu meet tonto s sister hermana who happen to be a blacksmith . shu have some trouble when tonto steal tomato potato and apple from three local farmer and shu have to pay for those .
74 his writings be publish as les voyage avantureux du capitaine ian alfonce 1559 the rutter of jean alphonse 1600 and la cosmographie avec l’espère et régime du soleil du nord par jean fonteneau dit alfonse de saintonge capitaine-pilote de françois ier 1904 . in they he describe the various place and people he and other have see many of they for the first time in print such as gaspé the beothuk saint-pierre island the jewel of madagascar a continent south of java and provide navigational instruction on how to get there .
35 he be the greatest warrior and hero of his village green hell . hear from the village elder that their sacred artifact be miss he take the responsibility of retrieve their steal treasure the mysterious jewel call the palenke stone name after palenque . he retrieve it and return peace to his village . rey .
74 she do n’t understand how she could have be happier with ellie she founder as a baby and servant to the professor but she be . annika s mother send she away to a very harsh boarding school call grossenfluss but the professor and stefan manage to rescue she in the process bring down the downfall of the terrible school . suddenly she life be turn upside down when she inherit a box of jewel . she discover the true nature of she mother and in the end discover that she “mother ” be really not who she think . she manage to escape back home .
43 he do it on purpose because he never drop anything on accident . he want to be an engineer but fear that he can not afford to study . at the end annika pay for he to study with the money from the jewel .
30 edeltraut von tannenberg frau von tannenberg be annika s mother . she be later find out to be a woman try to cheat annika out of a trunk of priceless jewel . edeltraut have one sister whose husband help edeltraut steal the jewl . edeltraut s own husband gamble away all their money and go to america leave edeltraut to take care of their son hermann alone .
42 loremarie be a snobby little girl whose father be very rich . she never really care for she great aunt formerly la rondine because she be old . loremarie and she parent have always accuse annika of steal the great box of jewel and old clothes and they always say it be our great aunt so it be our trunk . other have already strictly say the old woman have give it to annika . eventually when the professor and stephen and pauline save annika from be ship off with she so call mother it be loremarie s father s yellow motercar that get they there .
33 it be build for mark a. pollack-rothschild 1878-1952 the american bear patriarch of a wealthy cuban tobacco dynasty and cover an area of 13,000 square meter . it be one of the crown jewel of cuban architecture and one of the most significant work of cuban eclecticism due to its temperate line and ornament with no parallel in the modern and contemporary architecture . it have large room and be surround by extensive garden which in the past be arrange in a formal manner . mr. pollack-rothschild paint a series of panel refer to the discovery of america which be place around the main hall but due to the deteriorated state of they when the cuban government decide to restore the home they be lose forever .
30 poldark be within the cornish mining world heritage site and be develop itself as the interpretation centre for the wendron mining district . the site be consider to be a jewel in the cornish mining world heritage site crown .
28 the music video be direct by samuel bayer who also direct black velveteen for kravitz . the video start with a woman sell advertised-television product such as expensive jewel . suddenly there be a signal interference that lead to show kravitz and his band performance at a float base in the sea while they be be surround by a helicopter .
68 oak park be in city council district 4 and district 7. it be four mile 6 km from san diego state university and have a fire station and library branch as well as navy housing . comprise of single family home condominium and apartment oak park be an established stable community in the mid city area with easy access to downtown and freeway in all direction . the jewel of oak park be chollas lake a acre 0 m 2 lake for free youth fishing age 15 and under only an 8/10's-of-a-mile dirt path around the lake for walk jog and bicycling picnic table with barbecue grill child s play equipment a small basketball court hiking trail and a multi-purpose ball field in north chollas canyon . oak park have a strong community organization the oak park community council
35 the hungarian force under the command of the general ferdinand be victorious in battle with the turks and mathias be hail as the victory s chief hero . honoria reward mathias with rich gift of jewel and present for his wife though she be also provoke by his deep devotion to sophia . in she egotism she fancy sophia as a kind of rival for primacy and decide to challenge mathias s commitment to she . meanwhile sophia pine for she absent husband .
44 honoria delay mathias s return home and go so far as to have he seize and bring to she clandestinely . she offer herself to mathias he be shock and plead for a night s delay to consider the matter . honoria send the jewel and gift to sophia in the custody of the licentious courtier ricardo and ubaldo who have be instruct to seduce she . they convince sophia that mathias have be repeatedly unfaithful to she and that the present they carry be the cast-off of his many lover . sophium be shock and hurt by this and their temptation of she cause the picture in mathias s possession to turn yellow .
10 grayling michigan wgry-am hibbing minnesota wmfg-am honolulu hawaii khui the jewel hudson new york whuc be 1230 jacksonville florida wjax
30 coat of arms the sclafani crest the sclafani coat of arm bear two crane inversely color of each other in argent silver to signify peace and sable black to signify jewel specifically the diamond . an eagle crowned in or gold signify the family s noble heritage rest atop a knight s helmet .
8 berusaiyu no bara girodelle star troupe special performance jewel of romanov angelo beautiful beast quinby the rose of versailles fersen oscar and joseph ii
52 each dot be produce by a tiny metal rod also call a wire or pin which be drive forward by the power of a tiny electromagnet or solenoid either directly or through small lever pawl . face the ribbon and the paper be a small guide plate often make of an artificial jewel such as sapphire or ruby pierce with hole to serve as guide for the pin . the move portion of the printer be call the print head and when run the printer as a generic text device generally print one line of text at a time . most dot matrix printer have a single vertical line of dot-making equipment on their print head other have a few interleaved row in order to improve dot density .
28 he have win the eastern eye young achiever award that be present by prince charles the prince of wales and be nominate for young achiever at the asian jewel award 2003 .
22 track 2-6 through 2-10 record april 6 1997 . 12 vinyl soleilmoon recordings solv 007 2xcd a second cd issue in regular jewel case come out on 25 october 2004 in a limited edition of 1000 .
101 i remember greece and palestine and my speech be ready for in man of renown ohio be peerless among the state . at 11 o'clock when my turn come i amplify my idea and wind up with the suggestion that ohio should be represent at the fair by a group of statuary in the center of which should be a noble matron represent ohio and all around she should be such child as grant sherman sheridan chase stanton and garfield and then upon the pedestal should be engrave the proud utterance of cornelia the mother of the gracchi these be my jewel . a resolution be unanimously adopt recommend the legislature to adopt the suggestion and appropriate the fund necessary to put it in granite bronze .
15 gerald meldrick clark gable and anya von duren rosalind russell be a pair of rival jewel thief at large in india . both party be after the same prize a priceless diamond own by the duchess of beltravers jessie ralph . to inveigle their way into the duchess confidence gerald pose as a scotland yard detective while anya pretend to be an aristocrat .
13 1969 formal languages 1973 the mathematical theory of l-system 1980 with grzegorz rozenberg jewel of formal language theory 1981 public-key cryptography 1990 and dna computing 1998 with grzegorz rozenberg and gheorge paun .
47 the villa itself be frequently use for seminar and workshop and be also rent out to appropriate academic or commercial organisation for major event . the extensive grounds be also the venue for the annual queen s birthday party the british national day . they be the jewel of the villa still contain many feature originally introduce by princess wolkonsky . a recent tree and plant census list around 200 different species .
61 don juan antonio de urrutia y arana marques de la villa del villar del aguila be a rich and powerful nobleman and patron of the art in 18th-century queretaro mexico . in the year 1756 he direct the construction of la casa de la marquesa the house of the marchioness a beautiful home for his wife . this mansion an architectural jewel be today a luxury hotel and a tourist attraction in its own right .
19 a star for bram be an album release by robyn hitchcock in 2000 comprise outtake from his then recent jewel for sophia . it be issue on hitchcock s own editions paf label . the cover art match its partner album but be print in different colour .
8 stand r.e.m. song stand rascal flatts song stand jewel song stand poison song stand
71 stand tie to a torture stake totor be make into a target for knife axis and arrow . luckily though one of the arrow cut the rope binding he and when the chief draw close to scalp the young boy totor dig his foot into the sachem s stomach and make a quick getaway into a river pretend to have drown . underwater he find an old chest full of countless jewel and bury they at the base of a boulder .
46 totor suddenly have an idea to use the treasure he find as a ransom for his aunt . the two of they set out to go fetch it but along the way a criminal steal their map while they sleep. after discover the loss of their jewel they follow the thief s unique footprint for a few mile . when they see another set of footprint join the first and then head up into some mountain totor continue on his own . have allude several indian sentry he finally spy the chest in the hand of the chief .
35 the gang follow . while latella watch the victim dine salerno would break into the second story because “the best jewelry be always upstairs” . he give himself three minute to go in find the jewel and get out . latella say that despite the enormous nature of the master suite salerno had a sixth sense about find the jewelry . latella would warn salerno with a slight whistle if anything go amiss .
37 at their prime the gang would steal a quarter of a million dollar per job on average . the fbi blame they for several hundred theft worth somewhere between $ 75 million to $ 150 million in jewel the exact number of theft commit by the dinner set gang be uncertain because of the many copycat crime that may have be falsely attribute to they . their most impressive heist be execute in 1973 in an exclusive waterfront community just north of palm beach . an heir to the dupont fortune be rent a house there .
51 their most impressive heist be execute in 1973 in an exclusive waterfront community just north of palm beach . an heir to the dupont fortune be rent a house there . among the sheet in the linen closet of the master bedroom salerno come across a leather travel case which contain jewel worth at that time approximately $ 12 million dollar . the largest piece be a carat 0 g natural pink flawless pear-shaped diamond worth about $ 1,800,000 .
16 external links interview with 60 minutes the true story of the dinner set gang the greatest jewel thief team in america
56 later as lois and clark be cover the museum s exhibit for the planet a robot land in the street outside . the police pelt it with machine gun fire as it march towards the museum but the bullet bounce harmlessly off . museum visitor include clark and lois flee as the monster march towards the jewel and begin load they into an opening in its back . robot # 5 terrorize the city in the mechanical monsters . while clark phone the planet from the nearest phone booth lois climb into the monster s back just as the monster leave the museum and take off into the sky . clark emerge from the booth notice lois go and say this look like a job for superman .
20 flying high above the city superman spot the robot and use his x-ray vision to see lois inside with the jewel . this be the only time he use his x-ray vision in the fleischer shorts . he land on it and struggle to open the door in its back only to have the scientist maneuver the robot upside down and throw he off into a power line tangle he in the wire .
65 this be the only time he use his x-ray vision in the fleischer shorts . he land on it and struggle to open the door in its back only to have the scientist maneuver the robot upside down and throw he off into a power line tangle he in the wire . as the robot be upside down the door fly open and all the jewel fall out with lois survive only by hang for dear life until the robot flip back over .
18 as superman struggle to free himself from the wire the robot arrive at the lair but instead of jewel the scientist find lois in its payload . infuriated he demand that she tell he where the jewel be . the next time we see she she be bind and gag on a platform hold over a pot of boil metal in part of what appear to be an industrial foundry .
36 as superman struggle to free himself from the wire the robot arrive at the lair but instead of jewel the scientist find lois in its payload . infuriated he demand that she tell he where the jewel be . the next time we see she she be bind and gag on a platform hold over a pot of boil metal in part of what appear to be an industrial foundry . the scientist pull a lever which start some machinery gradually lower she closer and closer to the liquid .
101 superman make a move the rope be cut and superman speed across the room to catch lois just in time landing on a ledge below the pot of molten metal and the scientist . the scientist then pull a lever to dump the hot liquid on they but superman shield lois with his cape then grab the scientist and fly from the lair to take he and lois back to the city . the film end with a shot of the next issue of the planet describe the latest adventure superman stop the mechanical monster the inventor be arrest and the jewel be recover . in the office clark say that be a wonderful story lois . lois reply thanks clark but i owe it all to superman .
54 mirai s devil riser be suddenly deliver to she at school where she be immediately attack by the devil after it . she successfully summon veil use the devil riser and repel the enemy but she mother s keepsake a jewel be take . then the mysterious takashou zed appear and use the keepsake jewel he recover get mirai to come to the makai with he . the king of makai then request of she to defeat the other devil child that be destroy the world .
45 so seven such woman be assemble and place in front of the village . after the monster have see they all it be weaken so much that it could not move . the medicine man then burn the creature and its remains contain a great jewel and lump of red paint .
20 henry youll while joyful springtime lasteth publish by hal leonard hl.08551265 three english madrigal . pity i my own sweet jewel . fly not so fast . messalina s monkey roberton publications 1977 asin b0000d37sb
26 but those who be determine face all the challenge smilingly . the flame of sadhana continue to ignite in their heart and thus they become precious jewel of this field in future . my door be always open to such aspirant who be willing to sacrifice themselves for achieve these extraordinary knowledge .
16 reindeer in the finale unit santa s finale unit the seven dwarf hold bucket full of jewel as they dance in front of a move christmas tree adorn with jewel . 8 finale dancers 4 male 4 female dance and sing to christmas carol . santa claus sit atop his sleigh on the finale float lead by the 8 reindeer .
29 reindeer in the finale unit santa s finale unit the seven dwarf hold bucket full of jewel as they dance in front of a move christmas tree adorn with jewel . 8 finale dancers 4 male 4 female dance and sing to christmas carol . santa claus sit atop his sleigh on the finale float lead by the 8 reindeer .
47 brusa ee brusa ee ブルーサ・イー burūsa Ī be the man who create the juken style a master of the geki jū rhinoceros-ken style who once battle cosmic kenpō master pachacamac in the 200 day battle barely win and gain pachacamac s respect in the form of two jewel that together could reveal the secret move of cosmic kenpō . later on brusa take under his wing ten student who in time become the kensei and the fist demons . while have the seven as his student brusa appreciate sha-fu s ability and hope to someday pass his title as juken master to he .
34 episode citizen khan muffy and buffy vanderschmere linda gary muffy frank welker buffy a fox con artist couple pose as a rich snobbish client who trick higher for hire to transport some valuable family jewel to hyenasport look to get the sea duck in lieu of payment for the guaranteed clause for theft or lose of the jewellery as deem by rebecca which they make an effort to lose the jewel at every opportunity that include throw they out one of the seaplane s window and after land at louie s place by put the blame on louie for the steal jewel who find the nightclub/motel too seedy for their taste . later expose by the nightclub owner as fraud want by the law and prove the diamond be fake they be overpower by he and rebecca just minute after they have taken-off with the plane . muffy be dress in a blue dress and wide-brimmed hat a pearl necklace bangle on she ankle and have blond hair that turn out to be a wig and buffy be dress like a golfer while both be imitate bostonian blueblood accent although buffy do sound a bit like thurston howell iii .
70 episode citizen khan muffy and buffy vanderschmere linda gary muffy frank welker buffy a fox con artist couple pose as a rich snobbish client who trick higher for hire to transport some valuable family jewel to hyenasport look to get the sea duck in lieu of payment for the guaranteed clause for theft or lose of the jewellery as deem by rebecca which they make an effort to lose the jewel at every opportunity that include throw they out one of the seaplane s window and after land at louie s place by put the blame on louie for the steal jewel who find the nightclub/motel too seedy for their taste . later expose by the nightclub owner as fraud want by the law and prove the diamond be fake they be overpower by he and rebecca just minute after they have taken-off with the plane . muffy be dress in a blue dress and wide-brimmed hat a pearl necklace bangle on she ankle and have blond hair that turn out to be a wig and buffy be dress like a golfer while both be imitate bostonian blueblood accent although buffy do sound a bit like thurston howell iii .
101 episode citizen khan muffy and buffy vanderschmere linda gary muffy frank welker buffy a fox con artist couple pose as a rich snobbish client who trick higher for hire to transport some valuable family jewel to hyenasport look to get the sea duck in lieu of payment for the guaranteed clause for theft or lose of the jewellery as deem by rebecca which they make an effort to lose the jewel at every opportunity that include throw they out one of the seaplane s window and after land at louie s place by put the blame on louie for the steal jewel who find the nightclub/motel too seedy for their taste . later expose by the nightclub owner as fraud want by the law and prove the diamond be fake they be overpower by he and rebecca just minute after they have taken-off with the plane . muffy be dress in a blue dress and wide-brimmed hat a pearl necklace bangle on she ankle and have blond hair that turn out to be a wig and buffy be dress like a golfer while both be imitate bostonian blueblood accent although buffy do sound a bit like thurston howell iii .
8 t tahaddi 2001 tale of the three lost jewel the 1994 ticket to jerusalem 2002 traces dan le rocher du lointain 2000
32 the screw be sometimes heat until they take on a dark electric blue hue . the bridge and plate be gild or embellish and be often decorate engrave or damascen . the jewel generally press in gold gleam . the balance oscillate tirelessly the hairspring breathe the anchor go to and fro and the pallet enter and exit as if alive . landes d. s. l'heure qu'il est paris gallimard 1987 at page p . 479 .
58 he also tell hennessey about the plan for jessie to marry and divorce he for money . eddie then leave and hennessey refuse to listen to jessie s word that she love he . later however she convince he that she will stay by his side no matter what and that the money from the sale of she jewel will give they a new start .
42 for a period he serve as the commanding general sipehsalar सिपहसालार سپحسالار of the principality of sardhana near meerut . he then move on to find his own principality or riyasat रियासत ریاست with ratangarh at its center . ratangarh literal meaning jewel fort be establish near the site of an older defunct settlement call azamgarh literal meaning supreme fort . since the last day of the mughal empire government revenue document have interchangeably refer to the village as ratangarh azamgarh-urf-ratangarh literally azamgarh-alias-ratangarh or ratangarh-urf-azamgarh .
57 this ship have be see and lose several time and there be several story about this ship have be loot . a mule driver of the de anza expedition be say to have remove the pearl in 1774 . around 1917 an el centro farmer name jacobsen be say to have find a very small chest of jewel that he quietly sell in los angeles and that he use timber from the pearl ship to build his pig pen .
50 though they receive generous settlement each prince be also burden with a crippling tax . yasujirō step in and through several complex maneuver last until 1953 buy much of the land of prince kitashirakawa and prince asaka along with asaka s palace . those prime property would later become the jewel in the crown of the seibu empire .
3 soundtrackphilippine releaseinternational releaselyric jewel song
19 the enterprise be establish by kimura kazuo a graduate in commerce of waseda university . it produce expensive luxury jewel in large quantity and be once consider the company charge price with highest profit margin in the world . however it also sell goods at cheap price and be consider the main enterprise establish the trend of use luxury gem as a fashion commodity in the general public of japan .
5 magic be perform through attaching jewel call lusces to accessory such as ring and necklace . the strength and effectiveness of lusce and other skill be improve through repetitive use the more often skill and lusce be use the more powerful they become .
92 the verse form of inscription be popular in the 7th century and the kappe arabhatta record of 700 in tripadus metre be consider the earliest available lithic record of kannada poetry . kamath 2001 p67 the karnateshwara katha which be quote later by jayakirti must have belong to the period and be a eulogy of pulakesi ii . chidananda murthy in kamath 2001 p67 other kannada writer of this time whose work be consider extinct be syamakundacharya 650 who write prabhrita and srivaradhadeva also call tumubuluracharya 650 who write the chudamani crest jewel a 96,000 verse commentary on logic tattvartha-mahashastra . sastri 1955 p355 narasimhacharya 1988 p4-5 dr. jyotsna kamat . kamat s potpourri . .
53 nagavarma ii be the poet laureate in the court of western chalukya king jagadhekamalla ii . narasimhacharya 1988 p19 in this book the sutra and short explanation be in sanskrit and the illustration be from kannada literature . in 1260 kesiraja write a comprehensive book on kannada grammar call sabdamanidarpana mirror of word jewel . the rule here be set forth in kanda metre and follow by a prose commentary by the author and be consider a writing of high value .
31 that be the buddhist conception of the universe in an image . alan watts alan watts podcast follow the middle way # 3 alanwattspodcast.com indra s net also call indra s jewel or indra s pearl be a metaphor use to illustrate the concept of emptiness jones 2003 p . 16 . dependent origination lee 2005 p . 473 . and interpenetration odin 1982 p . 17 in buddhist philosophy . the metaphor of indra s net be develop by the mahayana buddhist school in the 3rd century scripture of the avatamsaka sutra and later by the chinese huayan school between the 6th and 8th century .
87 buddhist concept of interpenetration hold that all phenomenon be intimately connect for the huayan school indra s net symbolize a universe where infinitely repeat mutual relation exist between all member of the universe . cook 1977 p . 2. this idea be communicate in the image of the interconnectedness of the universe as see in the net of the vedic god indra whose net hang over his palace on mount meru the axis mundus of vedic cosmology and vedic mythology . indra s net have a multifaceted jewel at each vertex and each jewel be reflect in all of the other jewel kabat-zinn 2000 p . 225 .
93 buddhist concept of interpenetration hold that all phenomenon be intimately connect for the huayan school indra s net symbolize a universe where infinitely repeat mutual relation exist between all member of the universe . cook 1977 p . 2. this idea be communicate in the image of the interconnectedness of the universe as see in the net of the vedic god indra whose net hang over his palace on mount meru the axis mundus of vedic cosmology and vedic mythology . indra s net have a multifaceted jewel at each vertex and each jewel be reflect in all of the other jewel kabat-zinn 2000 p . 225 .
101 buddhist concept of interpenetration hold that all phenomenon be intimately connect for the huayan school indra s net symbolize a universe where infinitely repeat mutual relation exist between all member of the universe . cook 1977 p . 2. this idea be communicate in the image of the interconnectedness of the universe as see in the net of the vedic god indra whose net hang over his palace on mount meru the axis mundus of vedic cosmology and vedic mythology . indra s net have a multifaceted jewel at each vertex and each jewel be reflect in all of the other jewel kabat-zinn 2000 p . 225 .
1 the jewel of the order be an eight-pointed maltese cross with gold ball on the point and four laurel wreath in the arm of the cross . on the arm be write the letter h-s-c-w . on the cross be a medallion with a representation of a man .
19 summary balance wheel in a benrus dn21 watch probably make in the 1950 . the movement be a 17 jewel eta 1280 make by the swiss ebauche maker eta sa . the balance and spring be make of low temperature coefficient alloy of beryllium and nickel . the watch be mine and be accurate within about 5 seconds per day .
35 the two be instantly attract to each other . the situation be complicate though when clara learn that vitelli maintain a sexual relationship with the courtezan malroda . the courtezan exploit vitelli for gold and jewel but be enamor of a man name piorato who jealous of the nobleman expose vitelli s affair to clara . she be distress by the knowledge yet when vitelli be set upon by piorato and his follower clara grab a sword and save vitelli again . the two come to an understanding once vitelli see that he must give up sexual license and once clara be ready to sacrifice she masculine behavior they can agree to become husband and wife .
4 hot element hotstar orient jewel hong kong video gintell
55 the turks who be at the last extremity of starvation offer to surrender . the greeks propose a convention whereby surrender turks would be grant secure passage to egypt . when the capitulation be conclude the turks in the city give up all the public property in the fortress and all their money plate and jewel . george finlay history of the greek revolution and the reign of king otho edit by h. f. tozer clarendon press oxford 1877 reprint london 1971 p . 214 however the greeks have neither the intention nor even the means of provide this promise secure passage . st . clair p . 41 one of the greek negotiator poniropoulos boast some year later to general gordon that he destroy the copy of capitulation give to turks so that no proof would remain of any such transaction have be conclude .
30 parent and community member be also anger by the refusal of kevin johnson to share the campus with the visual and performing arts center vapac . this program be a jewel of our who education system citation need where student could learn skill in theater art vocal music instrumental music dance and visual art . vapac be force to become a dependent charter school meaning it be staff by district unionized personnel and have to relocate to the old army depot which be two bus ride away from any neighborhood .
56 several american firm also make majolica with the english bear edwin bennett produce it in baltimore as early as the 1850 s . schneider 1999 p . 19 the best know be griffin smith and hill of phoenixville pennsylvania whose etruscan majolica make from 1880 to 1890 include compote with dolphin support and flower shell or jewel cup a design of coral weed and seashell and tableware with leaf and fern . their mark be an impressed monogram g.s.h. sometimes circle and with the word etruscan majolica .
81 the two friend agree to meet on the city s high street at evening but when the time come they manage to miss each other . as the city s other house be be shut up for the night john see one that remain open and well-lit curious he look in and be confront by a woman who thrust a mysterious bundle into his arm . he leave with the bundle naively hope that it contain a treasure of gold and jewel instead he find that it enclose ...a baby . he take the infant back to his lodgings his landlady be outrage assume that he have bring home his own bastard . with a gift of a bottle of wine and the application of its contents the landlady be mollify and she agree to find care and a wet-nurse for the child .
96 the two friend overhear a young musician name francisco talk about a woman name costantia and they assume he mean the costantium they know which lead they to doubt the woman s truthfulness and chastity . the situation cause the two friend to begin to suspect each other and petrucchio and the duke to suspect they in turn . the muddle be eventually straighten out when the four man track down this costantium and learn that she be another woman of the same name she be antonio s courtezan who have rob he of gold and jewel expect he to die of his wound .
47 san diego greenleaf classics leisure book 1184 . reprint in tale from c.a.m.p. jackie be back san francisco glb publishers 2005 . # holiday gay 1967 during the christmas season the swallow a gang of midget under the direction of birdie wing engage in a series of jewel heist before jackie and an unexpected white-bearded gentleman dress in a lavender suit stop they cold . holiday gay . san diego greenleaf classics companion book 545 1967 .
57 anastasia become the borosfky family s good luck charm . however she meet aureliano and that whole glamorous world will become she worst nightmare . once in search of she freedom anastasia will meet the dark side of the borosfky dynasty and will reveal one by one the secret hide behind the cross of dream an accurse jewel value at million of dollar which belong to the empresscatherine ii of russia . terrorized and anxious to save herself she will suffer an attack that end the life of one of she sister whose body will disappear along with a large part of the borosfky inheritance . this tragedy will cause anastasia to return to the borosfky mansion to try to figure out the plan carry out against she .
41 an espeon s fur be so sensitive it be use to sense air current allow it to predict the weather as well as the action of its opponent in battle . its forked tail quiver when this occur . a red jewel rest on its head and glow whenever espeon use its psychic ability . espeon be describe as be very loyal to their trainer once they consider they worthy . they be also say to develop precognitive ability in order to protect their trainer espeon become enable to see into the future to identify potential threat .
4 after a group of jewel thief pull off a daring robbery their getaway car run out of fuel in the middle of the countryside . they wander into a backwoods farm hope to hide out for the time be . however when the farmer return home only to find the thief take over the house he hatch a deadly plan .
33 one confrontation lead to another between the gang and the farmer in a plot which combine action comedy and horror . who will survive a weekend on the demented death farm the city-slick jewel thief or the country-smart farmer the answer be sure to shock you
5 the pearl mullet be the jewel of lake van in turkey . found nowhere else in the world this fish thrive in the lake s salty and carbonate waters cumhuriyet newspaper . 2009 . .
70 the portrait depict a clean shaven gonpo as he stretch the right arm forward across the knee in the mudra of generosity while hold the stem of a pink lotus flower blossom over the shoulder support the wisdom book and sword . the leave place at the heart hold the stem of another lotus blossom over the left shoulder support a gold vajra and medicinal nectar vase top with precious jewel . with a headdress of red flower blossom he wear a long flowing garment typical of a layman trim with blue and tie with a red sash . he be surround by a blue-orange nimbus and dark green areolum .
53 with a headdress of red flower blossom he wear a long flowing garment typical of a layman trim with blue and tie with a red sash . he be surround by a blue-orange nimbus and dark green areolum . in front an ornate table support a large bowl of myrobalan fruit and precious jewel .
51 at the top center be the buddha akshobhya with one face and two hand hold to the heart with the right a vajra sceptre and with the leave a skullcup in the lap . seat in vajra posture he embrace the consort . at the left be thr ratnasambhava hold a jewel to the heart and embrace the consort . below be buddha vairochana hold a wheel to the heart . at the right be buddha amitabha hold a lotus flower .
25 khan be a suave exiled afghan prince live in india in the monsoon palace . he have a penchant for fine food and liquor priceless jewel hunting human and atomic weaponry . in the film he associate with the power-crazed general orlov in an attempt to unleash nuclear holocaust in western europe by plan to detonate a nuclear bomb inside a us airbase use octopussy s circus as a cover . the ensue outrage at this accident will encourage nato to abandon nuclear arm and allow orlov s army to invade the west .
45 terrors be an ep release by d'espairsray on july 21 2001 . due to quick sale within a small amount of time a second press be release a year later along with their ep sexual beast . while the first press come in a regular jewel case the reissue have a special sleevecase with new artwork .
62 in 1947 yoshikazu okada become a minister of sekai kyūsei kyō 世界救世教 church of world messianity a shinshūkyō which be found by mokichi okada 1882-1955 no relation to yoshikazu okada . after leave sekai kyūsei kyō in 1953 yoshikazu okada establish the mahikari organization in 1959 which become know as sekai mahikari bunmei kyodan in 1963 and assume the name of kōtama jewel of light .
43 sneasel ニューラ nyūra be a nocturnal weasel that live in cave and mountain forest . its name be a portmanteau of the word sneak and weasel the animal that it be base on . sneasel be a deep blue-gray and have a golden jewel on its forehead and chest and its claw be white . these claw be dangerously sharp pokédex its paw conceal sharp claw . if attack it suddenly extend the claw and startle its enemy .
27 maverick be a single release by d'espairsray on february 12 2003 . it be re-release on march 26 2003 come in a dvd-case rather than a normal jewel case . this be also the last release by d'espairsray on which their name be stylise as +d'espairsray + .
42 the rise garden of the famed dwarf king laurin be once up here in the craggy rock of the rose garden king laurin be the ruler of a thriving race of dwarf who live up here and mine the mountain for precious jewel and valuable ore . he possess a subterranean palace make of sparkling quartz . but his special pride and joy be the great garden locate in front of the entranceway to his underground crystal castle .
41 but as he stretch out the rainbow and go to the lake he forget to disguise himself . the nymph recognize he and dive into the lake . the sorcerer be so furious that he throw the rainbow together with the jewel into the lake . and that be why lake carezza still glow in such lovely color to this day .
41 the arrow and the spindle study in history myth ritual and beliefs in tibet . mandala publishing 1998 pg . 416 in this context the wind horse be typically show without wing but carry the three jewels or the wish fulfil jewel . its appearance be suppose to bring peace wealth and harmony . the ritual invocation of the wind horse usually happen in the morning and during the grow moon .
36 to complete the task begin by his father of conquer the island of srilanka rajendra chola i invade the island in 1018 c.e. as a result of the campaign rajendra claim to have capture the regal jewel of the pandya king which parantaka i try in vain to capture . rajendra also capture the crown of the sinhala king his queen and daughter . the sinhala king mahinda v be take prisoner and transport to the chola country .
36 to complete the task begin by his father of conquer the island of srilanka rajendra chola i invade the island in 1018 c.e. as a result of the campaign rajendra claim to have capture the regal jewel of the pandya king which parantaka i try in vain to capture . rajendra also capture the crown of the sinhala king his queen and daughter . the sinhala king mahinda v be take prisoner and transport to the chola country .
62 jonas chamberlain jonas middle name byron be note during his wedding to talia sahid in the july 31 2008 episode . the u.s. ambassador to the european principality of mendorra welcome the mendorran crown princess actually former llanview resident tina lord to town after the mendorran crown jewels be steal . one life to live recap 5/22/08 abc.com tina soon acquire the jewel from corrupt llanview police commissioner lee ramsey who have steal they at she request but soon ramsey be gun down and tina be on the run with the jewel from the sinister jonas who apparently want they for himself . one life to live recap 6/13/08 abc.com tina find refuge with she estrange daughter sarah roberts and sarah s boyfriend cristian vega one life to live recap 6/18/08 abc.com one life to live recap 6/25/08 abc.com llanview police officer talia sahid inexplicably aid jonas in kidnap sarah one life to live recap 6/26/08 soaps.com and soon cristian and his brother and talia s boyfriend police detective antonio discover that jonas have both woman .
91 jonas chamberlain jonas middle name byron be note during his wedding to talia sahid in the july 31 2008 episode . the u.s. ambassador to the european principality of mendorra welcome the mendorran crown princess actually former llanview resident tina lord to town after the mendorran crown jewels be steal . one life to live recap 5/22/08 abc.com tina soon acquire the jewel from corrupt llanview police commissioner lee ramsey who have steal they at she request but soon ramsey be gun down and tina be on the run with the jewel from the sinister jonas who apparently want they for himself . one life to live recap 6/13/08 abc.com tina find refuge with she estrange daughter sarah roberts and sarah s boyfriend cristian vega one life to live recap 6/18/08 abc.com one life to live recap 6/25/08 abc.com llanview police officer talia sahid inexplicably aid jonas in kidnap sarah one life to live recap 6/26/08 soaps.com and soon cristian and his brother and talia s boyfriend police detective antonio discover that jonas have both woman .
73 loyal llanview police officer antonio vega and talia sahid be determine to get bo his job back and work with john to oust ramsey and expose he as a crooked cop . to this end antonio and talia stage a break-up and antonio trick ramsey into believe that he have switch allegiance and be open to ramsey s corrupting influence . with antonio as an accomplice ramsey orchestrate the theft of the crown jewel of mendorra set to be display in llanview at lindsay rappaport s fine arts gallery . during the heist ramsey attempt to have talia frame for criminal collusion and try to have she dismiss from the force . on june 11 2008 it be reveal that ramsey have be secretly care for an injured and confuse marty in the penthouse he have purchase from todd and that he have the jewel steal in order to sell they on the black market and pay for marty s private medical care .
83 with antonio as an accomplice ramsey orchestrate the theft of the crown jewel of mendorra set to be display in llanview at lindsay rappaport s fine arts gallery . during the heist ramsey attempt to have talia frame for criminal collusion and try to have she dismiss from the force . on june 11 2008 it be reveal that ramsey have be secretly care for an injured and confuse marty in the penthouse he have purchase from todd and that he have the jewel steal in order to sell they on the black market and pay for marty s private medical care . one life to live recap 6/11/08 abc.com it become clear that the crooked ramsey have compassion for marty and harbor regret for his part in she near-fatal accident .
57 it become clear that the crooked ramsey have compassion for marty and harbor regret for his part in she near-fatal accident . he tell marty that he hope to heal she physical and mental trauma and release she to she family and friend and then be reinstate by the fbi himself . ramsey s buyer for the jewel turn out to be todd s long-lost sister tina lord now the crown princess of mendorra . tina arrive at ramsey s penthouse with a briefcase full of euros and the two make an exchange . but when tina briefly move in another room thug send by united states ambassador to mendorra jonas chamberlain burst into the penthouse and shoot ramsey to death .
47 later centurius somehow re-evolves into human form and as a member of the group know as the conspiracy he clash with the heroic monster hunter ulyss bloodstone when the conspiracy try to gain untold power by gathering and reunite the lost fragment of the bloodgem a mystic jewel from another dimension . rampage hulk vol . 1 # 3 june 1977 however the conspiracy s effort ultimately fail when their essence be absorb by an enormous crystalline creature create from the bloodgem . ulysses bloodstone succeed in shatter the bloodgem creature which apparently kill centurius and the other member of the conspiracy .
7 pearlie pop party princess gwenevere and the jewel rider broadcast under european title starla and the jewel rider ruby gloom sabrina the animated series
16 pearlie pop party princess gwenevere and the jewel rider broadcast under european title starla and the jewel rider ruby gloom sabrina the animated series
52 however storage condition certainly seem to contribute to the speed of the decay as some bronzed cd be already report as unreadable in the mid-1990 whereas other be still playable by 2009 . as it be note that cd store in paper sleeve be deteriorate sooner and faster than cd store in jewel case it be likely that store cd in an acid-free environment might slow down the bronzing effect . a minimum measure would be to remove the booklet and paper inlay from the cd s jewel case though it might be advisable to store affect cd in envelope make of alkaline paper inside a box make of acid-free cardboard . plastic or vinyl sleeve be not consider safe because the soften agent in the plastic may lead to further corrosion polypropylene sleeve be a notable safe exception .
87 however storage condition certainly seem to contribute to the speed of the decay as some bronzed cd be already report as unreadable in the mid-1990 whereas other be still playable by 2009 . as it be note that cd store in paper sleeve be deteriorate sooner and faster than cd store in jewel case it be likely that store cd in an acid-free environment might slow down the bronzing effect . a minimum measure would be to remove the booklet and paper inlay from the cd s jewel case though it might be advisable to store affect cd in envelope make of alkaline paper inside a box make of acid-free cardboard . plastic or vinyl sleeve be not consider safe because the soften agent in the plastic may lead to further corrosion polypropylene sleeve be a notable safe exception . similar measure be use for book suffer from acid deterioration .
30 the feeding ceremony be often follow with a game in which the child be present with a tray contain a number of object . these will include a bangle or jewel symbolising wealth a book symbolising learning a pen symbolising career and a clay pot or container of earth/soil symbolising property . the child s future direction and prospects in life be indicate by the object which it prefer to hold and play with .
4 jack ingram alan jackson jewel carolyn dawn johnson jamey johnson
52 round two minority rule winner of the first round have the option of pay back half their winnings to drop out but must pay back all the money if they choose to leave without drop out since it will count as a forfeit . each of the 22 player be give a jewel worth 100 million yen as game money . the minority rule game be a variation on the el farol bar problem each player answer either yes or no to a random question those who vote on the side of the minority survive and those in the majority leave with a debt of 100 million yen apiece . the game end when there be either one player or two player leave .
67 the first of the order of knighthood be the military order of crusader who use red green or black cross of velvet on their mantle to distinguish their brotherhood . later the member of knightly order use ring embroidr dragon and even garter as the symbol of their order . in the late middle ages the knight wear their insignia ever more prominently and medaillon cross and jewel in the shape of animal begin to be wear on chain around the neck know as livery collar . after the 17th century the heyday of the collar be over . they be wear only on ceremonial occasion and replace in daily life by star pin to the breast and badge suspend from ribbon .
63 geertje however summon rembrandt before the commissioner of marital affairs on a charge of breach of promise and take his gift such as a diamond ring to a pawnbroker be to fund the case . however such a marriage would have result in the loss of saskia s inheritance . rembrandt offer geertje a one-off payment of 200 guilder to buy back the jewel that she have pawn and after that 160 guilder annually . the commissioner raise the sum to 200 guilder because geertje have indicate that the previous sum could scarcely pay for the necessity of life .
14 the three treasure be universally know in buddhism as the three refuge or three jewel .
27 package deadbeat hero have be release in three different packaging style in a dvd case with the cd version include as a bonus audio disk in a jewel case as an enhanced cd dvd include as a bonus under the ad lib breakout comedy series label and again by stand up records in 2007 also with bonus dvd include with the ad lib breakout comedy series branding remove .
39 finally after five consecutive back-to-back place bid octave start win . have win the first two race the mother goose stakes and the coaching club american oaks in august 2007 trainer todd pletcher set octave to win the final jewel in the triple tiara the 1 mile alabama stakes at saratoga race course . ridden by john velazquez unfortunately octave be beat in a tough stretch dual by lady joanne and lear s princess to come in third after a steward s inquiry uphold that lady joanne do not squeeze out octave .
80 after get very drunk and talk out loud to herself a man also think of another appear in the cave . the man be cole st . john . the two have never meet before be unaware that he have just be date she daughter until gregory force they to split up share their pain and he take she to a hotel to sleep off she hangover but he catch sight of she necklace which be part of the deschanel jewel and the two sleep together . twice .
48 one of the cheka letts drive a bayonet through anastasia s face . victor alexandrov the end of the romanovs p . 232 yurovsky describe how ermakov try to kill the grand duchesses with his bayonet . later he tell how ermakov s man try to plunder the jewel find in the clothing . steinberg and krustalev fall of the romanovs p.361
12 aldred s book akhenaten pharaoh of egypt be publish in 1968 . jewel of the pharaohs appear in 1971 publish by thames and hudson . his most significant art-historical writing of the period be the catalogue he write for the brooklyn museum exhibition akhenaten and nefertiti in 1973 .
14 egypt to the end of the old kingdom . london thames and hudson 1965 jewel of the pharaohs egyptian jewellery of the dynastic period . london thames and hudson 1971 middle kingdom art in ancient egypt 2300-1590 b.c. london a. tiranti 1950
41 talk to the local in aridell reveal you be in eastern thaermore and that the country be currently at war with the orakur a race of underground dweller . the war be be wage due to the theft of a prized jewel know as the crux of ages steal from bastion spire the capital of thaermore . the chancellor have order all soldier underground to find the orakur leave settlement to fend for themselves . with the commonwealth guards away goblins have take advantage of the situation and destroy the village of elderhollow .
36 open the security box that belong to your amulet you find another sealed note along with the crux of ages . the writer finally reveal himself reveal himself to be you . you find the prize jewel while scavenge a goblin battleground along with your brother . a powerful goblin shaman by the name of gramuk be use a technique call temporal linking to find the people who find the prized jewel . this be why your memory be erase to protect you from gramuk and his goblin horde .
50 the writer finally reveal himself reveal himself to be you . you find the prize jewel while scavenge a goblin battleground along with your brother . a powerful goblin shaman by the name of gramuk be use a technique call temporal linking to find the people who find the prized jewel . this be why your memory be erase to protect you from gramuk and his goblin horde . your brother however be capture by the goblins before he could erase his memory and be be torture at vela a once prosperous port city destroy by the goblins .
76 omar will only hand over the key if you recover their former chieftain s skull from thorndike an abandoned hunting ground north east from blackwater . the other two key be in the possession of goblin warlords one in vela and one in grimmhold . before you leave erubor tell you of a portal in the citadel that be use to steal the crux of ages and that you can use it to return the prized jewel to bastion spire .
48 gramuk finally fall before the player give access to the secret portal to bastion spire . enter the portal the player can either return the crux of ages and allow thaermore to recover or murder the chancellor while he be vulnerable . if the player return the prized jewel the chancellor will wake up from his nightmare and the two of you will share a short conversation before the end cinematic .
34 the novel be divide into 26 section each section narrate through free association . gowhar be absent in the novel but she constitute the main talk of the character . gowhar which literally mean jewel can be take as a symbol for the lose jewel of humanity in the society . chubak depict a very brutal world in which people be extremely mortified and they cannot bear the sight of each other .
44 the novel be divide into 26 section each section narrate through free association . gowhar be absent in the novel but she constitute the main talk of the character . gowhar which literally mean jewel can be take as a symbol for the lose jewel of humanity in the society . chubak depict a very brutal world in which people be extremely mortified and they cannot bear the sight of each other .
50 he die suddenly at trefusis in cornwall on october 25 1734 and be bury at st michael penkivel . his wife to whom he be marry in henry vii s chapel westminster abbey on april 23 1700 be the elder daughter and coheir of colonel charles godfrey master of the jewel office by arabella churchill . she die on march 22 1754 and be also bury at penkivel . lady falmouth be very desirous of become a lady of the bedchamber to the wife of george ii and try to bribe lady sundon charlotte clayton into obtain the post for she .
85 hollinger win the toss and choose the six claim on the west . noah a. timmins a former storekeeper in mattawa and the owner of the larose silver mine in cobalt purchase benny hollinger s claim and open the hollinger mine one of the greatest gold-producer in the western hemisphere . noah s nephew alphonse paré describe it “it be as if a giant cauldron have splatter the gold nugget over a bed of pure white quartz crystal as a setting for some magnificent crown jewel of inestimable value . ” on the strength of his nephew’s information noah pay $ 330,000 for the mine . alphonse paré a royal military college of canada trained mining engineer continue work for the family company explore stake and mine operation all over the world .
14 # forever yours 5:16 # how we end 3:25 # the garden hide the jewel 5:21 # not alone 4:33 # song for my father 3:41
19 1600-1650 in fashionnotesreference arnold janet lost from she majesty back the costume society 1980 . item of clothing and jewel lose or give away by elizabeth i between 1561 and 1583 enter in one of the day book keep for the record of the wardrobe of robes .
14 the episode focus on skeletor discovery of the legendary diamond ray of disappearance a jewel that send who or whatever it be aim at into another dimension .
29 character history caitlin be present to we as the daughter of a rich lawyer gregory richards and olivia blake . she fall in love with cole deschanel a mysterious jewel thief and their love be constantly threaten by she over-protective father . at the same time cole sleep with caitlin s mother olivia but he do not know that olivia be actually his girlfriend s mother . various time gregory try to get rid of cole even by hire a hit man to kill he but he do not succeed .
37 within smoke culture cigarette case may be fashionable accessory . as such they may be make of precious metal adorn with artistic engraving monogram dedication on silver cigarette boxes an article of association of silver collectors and jewel . peter carl fabergé while most famous for his fabergé egg also manufacture exquisite case of gold and gem for the family of the tsar smoke related collectable originally publish in the uk monthly magazine what it be worth some of which e .g . those own by danielle steel be reportedly worth up to $ 25,000 and appreciate .
56 he first perform on the stage in 1930 . for the early part of their career the two cousin form a double act achieve 7 royal variety performances 12 blackpool summer season a successful radio series and a film of the series . around 1966 the two go their separate way with warriss perform solo and jewel move into television .
53 this lead to race a porsche 956 for fellow aussie vern schuppan in the japanese gt series . on return to australia he be pick up by frank gardner who be run tony longhurst s tour car team for the 1988 endurance season as a co-driver for longhurst . the pair win the jewel in the crown the bathurst 1000 in a ford sierra rs500 . mezera return to europe to continue his pursuit of racing professionally overseas return to australia for the endurance season race for the holden racing team or for perkins engineering . when win percy return to england after the 1991 season mezera be ask by tom walkinshaw to replace percy as the manager of hrt a job he continue in for two season .
13 now in its 75th year the montgomery museum of fine arts be the jewel of the cultural art in montgomery and flourish with the successful partnership of the public and private sector .
17 the game begin with clank go to the boltaire museum to halt the theft of a priceless jewel know as the eye of infinity . clank see ratchet flee the scene of the crime who be arrest by local law enforcement . while retinal scan prove that the thief be ratchet clank be convince his friend be innocent .
55 ngwe kyar yan monastery in rangoon where some 200 monk be detain in the early morning two day earlier be report to have be loot by soldier . everything of value be say to have be remove include forty or more buddha statue and the head of one of the largest buddhas which contain valuable jewel . monk sentence to six year imprisonment rangoon mandalay locked down by troops irrawady news september 29 2007
31 city of omaha . retrieved 7/10/07 . the park sit on acre 0 m 2 with a lake artesian well fountain and beautiful landscaping and be still widely regard as a jewel among the city s park .
43 voiced by mikako takahashi japanese brenna o'brien english houko kuwashima drama cd reverie metherlence レヴェリー・メザーランス revurii mezaaransu better know as ren レン be an edel raid and last direct descendant of the metherlence bloodline . she be also one of the seven glittering jewel or shichiko-hoju that have not be see for more than 500 year . she recharge she power through sleep which happen to be fairly often .
23 alberti s official business be sell textile employ a squad of travel salesman a wonderful cover for both his trafficking operation and smuggling jewel and work of art he allegedly possess a caravaggio nativity italian mafia riaffiora il mistero caravaggio la sicilia august 2 2003 will we ever see it again the daily telegraph february 5 2005 . in 1961 he set up a textile trading business in milan and form a cosca in northern italy with basis in genoa and milan .
56 takenouchi study music composition at the tokyo national university of fine arts and music where he and fellow composer hayato matsuo be classmate . around this time he be involve with numerous music project include arrangement project under the supervision of composer kōichi sugiyama . however he do not compose his first soundtrack for the game jewel master until after he graduate from university in 1991 .
1 1991 jewel master mega drive 1992 air combat ii special fm town 1992 double moon densetsu nes
59 in 1839 he be introduce by jules janin into the circle of jérôme bonaparte former king of westphalia who be live in exile at the villa di quarto in florence . a plan to marry jérôme s daughter princess mathilde-létizia bonaparte to demidov be quickly form . it be agree she would receive a dowry of 50,000 franc in jewel buy by demidov for 1 million franc from jérôme always short of money and 240,000 franc in money payable in instalment . a decree of 20 october 1840 also make demidov prince of san donato to allow the princess to hold onto she title though demidov s princely title be never recognise in russia . the marriage take place in rome on 1 november 1840 .
56 mathilde make a violent scene with valentine during a ball and in reply demidov slap she twice in public . his strong blow cause much damage the violent side of his crime fight lay bare for he to see . in september 1846 mathilde flee to paris to take refuge with nieuwerkerke take with she the jewel from she dowry . even so demidov be condemn by a tribunal in saint petersburg to send mathilde an annual pension of 200,000 franc and be never able to recover his jewel . in many way demidov feel he deserve such punishment and their separation be authorise in 1847 by a personal decision of tsar nicholas i. demidov s many other mistress include maria calergis consider one of the most beautiful woman of she era ernestine duverger and fanny de la rochefoucauld daughter of francois 8th duc de la rochefoucauld with whom he have an illegitimate son .
68 his strong blow cause much damage the violent side of his crime fight lay bare for he to see . in september 1846 mathilde flee to paris to take refuge with nieuwerkerke take with she the jewel from she dowry . even so demidov be condemn by a tribunal in saint petersburg to send mathilde an annual pension of 200,000 franc and be never able to recover his jewel . in many way demidov feel he deserve such punishment and their separation be authorise in 1847 by a personal decision of tsar nicholas i. demidov s many other mistress include maria calergis consider one of the most beautiful woman of she era ernestine duverger and fanny de la rochefoucauld daughter of francois 8th duc de la rochefoucauld with whom he have an illegitimate son .
40 in his left hand he hold a branch of ivy symbol of dionysos . also part of his dress with row of geometrical fold be characteristically hellenistic in style . on his sword appear the buddhist symbol of the three jewel or triratana .
27 however the gache also flourish in other korean dynasty like the goryeo goguryeo baekje silla balhae gaya and gojoseon . they be decorate with silk object gold jewel silver coral jade etc . certain decoration be reserve for royalty .
11 syamantaka manus or the syamantaka jewel be perhaps the most famous jewel in indian mythology suppose to be bless with magical power .
15 origin the story of syamantaka appear in the vishnu purana and the bhagavata . the jewel originally belong to the sun god who wear it around his neck . it be say that whichever land possess this jewel would never encounter any calamity in the form of natural disaster in the form of drought flood earthquake or famine and would always be full of prosperity and plenitude . wherever the jewel remain it would produce for the keeper eight bhāras or almost 1.5 ton of gold daily . .
36 the story of syamantaka appear in the vishnu purana and the bhagavata . the jewel originally belong to the sun god who wear it around his neck . it be say that whichever land possess this jewel would never encounter any calamity in the form of natural disaster in the form of drought flood earthquake or famine and would always be full of prosperity and plenitude . wherever the jewel remain it would produce for the keeper eight bhāras or almost 1.5 ton of gold daily . . kilograms .
56 the jewel originally belong to the sun god who wear it around his neck . it be say that whichever land possess this jewel would never encounter any calamity in the form of natural disaster in the form of drought flood earthquake or famine and would always be full of prosperity and plenitude . wherever the jewel remain it would produce for the keeper eight bhāras or almost 1.5 ton of gold daily . . kilograms . so syamantaka produce about 1.5 ton of gold income daily .
9 jesus jones 1 joan jett and the blackhearts 1 jewel 1 billy joel 4 elton john 3
62 . . in 1983 traditional pop standards music be push aside and the onetime popular music sing by frank sinatra ella fitzgerald peggy lee tony bennett and their contemporary be relegate in the 1960 and 1970 to las vegas club act and elevator music . ronstadt recently remark that she do she part in rescue these song in which she call little jewel of artistic expression from spend the rest of their life ride up and down on the elevator . . . retrieve may 28 2007 .
39 synopsis the book be about abbey creature that quest for the eye of the doomwyte two ruby and two emerald . learn this the new doomwyte korvus skurr and his wyte bird and slow worm try to retrieve the jewel for themselves .
126 in 2000 drastic rearranged and perform the song “black mass” by death ss the song be feature on the tribute album beyond the realm of death ss publish by black widow records . in 2003 drastic change the name into drastique and release once again on beyond productions the label of such band as sadist and theatres des vampires the album pleasureligion feature the female vocalist fay and the male vocalist mahavira formerly of ensoph even if some male part be perform by chris buchman who have write and perform the instrumental part and be the author of the lyric write in english polish latin and italian with numerous poetic and philosophical quotation . the album be release in a limited digipak version and in a jewel case version . the cd be distribute by masterpiece distribution in italy and by adipocere relapse and century media worldwide . in 2004 the album have be licence to cd maximum for russia and eastern europe .
5 cd3 pia european release slimline jewel case # the racing rats radio edit # the racing rats live
9 chlorocyphidae be a family of damselfy commonly know as jewel . they be most commonly find in africa and asia .
28 the story of an explorer and his faithful butler muggins who go off on expedition . sir quinton quest hunt the yeti 1992 sir quinton quest hunt the jewel 1994
39 she give money to have a church organ in beverwijk build by christiaen müller . catharina jacoba the youngest and widely know for she beauty marry constantijn sautijn have as a child receive a princely annuity . she inherit jewel pearl and diamond but also 140 year-old share in the dutch east india company in enkhuizen . nicolaes geelvinck get a collection of letter of debt share bond and field in one of the oldest polder in holland name the zijpe . as an adversary of the stadholder he be a year later remove from the vroedschap .
4 summary scanned from cd jewel case .
18 the kingdom of winwood be the most scientifically advance of all the province . it be a prized jewel for many would-be leader who could use the power of the wind citation need . should milan win the golden axe would be use to ensure that winwood do not fall to foreign invader .
19 sports supremo and formula one s commercial rights holder bernie ecclestone heralded the singapore grand prix as the new jewel in the formula one sport crown a phrase often use to describe the monaco grand prix circuit . sportingo.com . .
49 she relic be find in a side altar at st . peter s church know as “old peter ” alter peter in munich . they consist of a gilt-covered and gem-studded skeleton locate in a glass case with false eye in she skull which be wrap in netting . jewel cover the mouth of the relic’s rotten tooth . peterskirche st . peter s church | museum/attraction review | munich | frommers.com
12 1984 ladyhawke amadeus 1985 brazil a room with a view 1986 the jewel of the nile shanghai surprise aliens 1987 madame sousatzka the last emperor robocop 1988 a man for all season shirley valentine willow
2 summary norwegian jewel license
17 when a young woman travel across the scarred wasteland be murder over the possession of a strange jewel she entrust the gem with she final breath to the mysterious vampire hunter know as d and charge he with a desperate mission to deliver the priceless stone to she sister far off in a fishing village on the shore of the north sea .
27 d s journey be make ever more perilous by the motley unsavory scoundrel enlist by the girl s murderer who will stop at nothing to claim the jewel . determine the hunter will not reach his destination the villain be relentless in their pursuit one of they harbor a secret deadly agenda of his own .
19 plot summary the 17-year-old wu-lin be travel from the fishing village of florence to cronenberg to have a strange jewel appraise . no less than three people try to steal it from she the young commoner toto an old artist name professor krolock and the grotesque gilligan an obscenely overweight gangland boss in a custom exo-skeleton . he have wu-lin kill but she die request of d be that he bring the gem back to she older sister su-in in their village on the north sea .
91 as the plot thicken the five mercenary hire by gilligan resort to betray each other and use dirty tatic to subdue d. glen be able to dominate simon into a love-hate-love relationship which lead to he become a noble a desperate act follow a near death at the hand of a jealous king egbert . throughout the second half of the story the bead be lose and claim by numerous character finally fall into the hand of dr. krolock himself . the doctor be able to crack the secret of the jewel and obtain nobility like status but be easily fell by d s blade .
53 in the period between 1949 and 2004 the icon be store in chicago usa have be take out of russia for safety by a bishop . it return to tikhvin russia in 2004 . most of the icon except the two face be normally cover by a chased frame of precious metal and jewel .
18 best citizens of india award the diwaliben mohanlal mehta trust award for progress in religion the uttaranchal ratan jewel of uttaranchal award the bharat vikas parishad 1st utkrishtta samman award .
32 hoarse be a live album by the band 16 horsepower . it be release in europe in 2000 in digipak with glitterhouse records . in march 2001 it be release regularly in jewel case with glitterhouse . an american version be release in 2001 on checkered past record . another american version be finally re-release on alternative tentacle in 2006 .
20 plot grant henry david warbeck a writer of trashy paperback like the dirty and the dying moonlight as a masked jewel thief who be usually catch in the act but be able to get away with his crime by lure his female victim to bed . after these woman lie to the police about the thief’s identity “who could disguise himself as a clubfooted coloured midget one week and a 6'6 russian with a harelip the next” and seem to want to get burgle again the inspector in charge of the case terence edmond and a kung-fu train insurance investigator diane keen decide to lay a trap for the thief .
18  exclusive interview with president chiang ching-kuo 1986 int’l  north korea’s secret invasion tunnels 03/1980  singapore jewel of prosperity 11/1979  the reality of recognize china an editorial 02/1979  south korea and its strongmen 09/1978
42 incan gold come with artifact card but diamant do not . in diamant player have treasure chest in incan gold player have tent at their camp . in diamant player be search for diamond but in incan gold player be search for jewel and other gem .
57 jewels typeset as jewels be the title of the eighth physical and ninth overall maxus single from alice nine . it be officially release on march 21 2007 . two version of the single be release one a regular edition with three track the other a limited edition with two track but a bonus music video of jewel in place of the miss track . . . . .
4 . . . . jewel be the first alice nine . song to generally receive good review from mainstream japan and mark a change of lead singer shous vocal capacity . . .
22 song to generally receive good review from mainstream japan and mark a change of lead singer shous vocal capacity . . . jewel be also release on november 28 2007 on alice nine . s second album alpha . it be one of four singles that be previously release to be on alpha the other include number six white prayer and the digital download only blue planet . . .
21 raffles be a 1930 film star ronald colman as the popular title character a gentleman who be also secretly a notorious jewel thief . kay francis play the woman with whom raffles fall in love . it be base on the 1906 play raffles the amateur cracksman by e. w. hornung and eugene wiley presbrey which be in turn adapt from the 1899 novel of the same name by hornung .
2 plot gentleman jewel thief raffles ronald colman decide to give up his criminal way as the notorious amateur cracksman after fall in love with lady gwen kay francis . however when his friend bunny manders bramwell fletcher try to commit suicide because of a gambling debt he cannot repay raffles decide to take on one more job for bunny s sake . he join bunny and gwen as guest of lord and lady melrose with an eye toward acquire the melrose necklace once the property of empress joséphine .
11 meanwhile both gwen and mackenzie suspect that raffles be the famous jewel thief . when the necklace be not find mackenzie insist that all the guest remain inside then quickly change his mind . gwen overhear mackenzie tell one of his man that he intend to let crawshaw escape expect the crook to go after raffles and thereby incriminate he .
3 world ’s largest jewel showroom joy alukkas group claim to be establish the world’s largest gold diamond jewell store in chennai india . it have 80,000 square foot of retail space and be know as the gold hub of the city .
60 she third album funky finger december 1983 consist of two side-long medley of soul standard . in 1985 she sign with jive records and team up with multiple producer team for the album precious wilson release the following year . launch several singles i'll be your friend a u.s. top 40 r&b hit the theme song from the movie the jewel of the nile and nice girls do not last love can't wait in the u.s. . a dance cover of jerry butler s only the strong survive in 1987 produce by stock aitken waterman . after another single with i may be right 4u in 1990 she achieve two major hit singles in the early 1990 with a cover of sheila and b. devotion s spacer a hit single in france 1992 and a cover of donna summer s i feel love a uk # 19 hit single with techno group messiah 1992 roberts david 2006 .
4 jewel the thieving hero jewel also know as the thieving hero be the leader of the ruborian desert and the bandit force the very same who attack castle spree . she need to steal come from she strong sense of envy a lead she and she plan be see on a number of occasion throughout the overlord s travels . she main goal be to steal the sacred statue of the elves first be see as its last place in evernight forest before be trick by gnarl into steal it as a manner of locate she whereabouts .
59 she main goal be to steal the sacred statue of the elves first be see as its last place in evernight forest before be trick by gnarl into steal it as a manner of locate she whereabouts . however jewel actually find the statue itself unattractive and only want it due to its importance to the other race . jewel seem to be constantly unsatisfy with most thing even with the over care for she by kahn the warrior . upon she location be find the overlord do not slay she on the spot like the previous hero but instead capture she for interrogation . when the overlord leave to battle kahn the warrior what happen to jewel be not mention although velvet say to the overlord that she wish to kill jewel herself .
23 she have be an influence on many young girl . evans family be of african american native american and half-french . evans great-grandma jewel be african american indian american half barbadian half caucasian and speak with an english accent .
77 the premiere be on july 28 1947 in the théâtre national de l'opéra with the paris opéra ballet where balanchine be guest ballet master . accord to city ballet docent 4th ring talk saturday matinee may 3 2008 4th ring talk be also know as 1st position discussion . the four movement be originally associate with and design use the color four gemstone three of which balanchine subsequently retain for the three movement of his 1967 ballet jewel emeralds ruby and diamond . even before the ballet be rename symphony in c he have eliminate the color scheme and change to the white costume still use .
35 at first det tapte liv be release in a special limited 1000 copy heavy printer box edition . the box have room for the upcoming full-length . later the ep be release as a regular jewel case with different cover art do by kristian wåhlin .
25 princess adora/she-ra he-man s twin sister have a companion power sword call the sword of protection which be identical except that it have a glow jewel in the hilt . she transform into she-ra by say for the honor of grayskull ... i be she-ra
66 prince adam s twin sister and be use in she transformation into the heroic she-ra . instead of the war-cry by the power of grayskull adora s transformation be trigger by call for the honor of grayskull . similar in overall design to the sword of power the sword of protection be however more slender have a finer blade reflect its female owner and have a jewel imbed in the hilt . the jewel be the key to such power of the sword of protection as adora s transformation if it be damage she lose she ability to transform into she-ra as see in the episode the stone in the sword . in addition to be a formidable weapon capable of cut through most substance or deflect attack the sword of protection have the ability to change its shape a trait not share by the sword of power .
57 instead of the war-cry by the power of grayskull adora s transformation be trigger by call for the honor of grayskull . similar in overall design to the sword of power the sword of protection be however more slender have a finer blade reflect its female owner and have a jewel imbed in the hilt . the jewel be the key to such power of the sword of protection as adora s transformation if it be damage she lose she ability to transform into she-ra as see in the episode the stone in the sword . in addition to be a formidable weapon capable of cut through most substance or deflect attack the sword of protection have the ability to change its shape a trait not share by the sword of power . she-ra can change the sword to a variety of weapon or tool through spoken command vary from a shield or lasso to a helmet or flame blade .
18 emanuel snowman wartski s son-in-law travel to the u.s.s.r. from 1925 to negotiate the purchase of former romanoff jewel and objet d'art from the antiquariat set up to attract essential foreign currency . his son abraham kenneth snowman 1919-2002 write standard work the art of carl fabergé 1953 follow by carl fabergé goldsmith to the imperial court of russia and eighteenth century gold boxes of europe 1966 write at the urge of sacheverell sitwell . as a curator snowman organise the exhibition of febergé at the victoria and albert museum 1977 and at the cooper-hewitt museum new york 1983 .
64 one of the main plank of cafca be opposition against foreign acquisition of new zealand asset . in this regard they criticise the free-market policy which have make such foreign acquisition possible and the fact that the relevant regulatory authority such as the overseas investment office be amongst the weakest government branch rubber-stamping investment instead of regulate it . we buyer snap up coromandel jewel the new zealand herald thursday 01 november 2007
2 works the jewel in the lotus a historical survey of the sexual culture in the east isbn 978-0553102895 cradle of erotica study of afro-asian sexual expression and an analysis of erotic freedom in social relationships isbn 978-0553103014 the rape of india .
41 each area be name by color along with a subtitle describe the region s chief characteristic . there be a guardian god shrine in each area except for yellowpark . there have be no nightfall in colortown ever since the magic jewel preserve in yellowpark s stone circle be steal by a villain and the town be constantly awash in daylight . the carnival colortown s carnival be hold upon the arrival of the carnival fairy and the job of carnival committee member be to awake the guardian god live in each region of the town and distribute flyer invite people to the carnival .
44 a kapala sanskrit for “skull” or skullcup be a cup make from a human skull use as a ritual implement bowl in both hindu tantra and buddhist tantra vajrayana . especially in tibet they be often carve or elaborately mount with precious metal and jewel .
37 at the same time anna be attempt to gain support from western europe . in summer 1343 an emissary proclaim she loyalty to pope clement vi in avignon . in august 1343 anna pawn the byzantine crown jewel to the republic of venice for 30,000 ducat as part of an attempt to secure more finances for the war . however anna at last lose the war .
45 although their horse body be liken to the percheron their hoof be cleave like those of a goat give they extra grip to climb steep slope . they be brightly color some be pure color other striped . in addition they adorn their body with jewel and flower . many of the titanides speak human language typically english and form close relationship with different human .
20 wfni be also the flagship of the indianapolis motor speedway radio network carry the irl indycar series and its crown jewel event the indianapolis 500 as well as the nascar brickyard 400 and the indianapolis motorcycle grand prix .
59 reception a bbc review of the album state often misunderstand and overlook by the barometer of cool heaton and his minion have beaver away nevertheless and become two of the finest exponent of pop britain have ever have the british broadcasting corporation|bbc review in full whilst the manchester evening news declare the early work show they as be a jewel in our pop heritage . the manchester evening news review in full
69 three flower bud emerge from a tussock of grass while the second area be charge with the silver-coloured emblem of the szczodre seal a tall tree on a thick trunk emerge from an island of grass with its crown divide into three section . there be two knight in blue medieval garment and silver helm stand on both side of the shield . the helm be crown with local jewel . the knight rest one hand on a sword with a gold hilt and a blue sheath be uphold the shield of the coat of arm with the other hand . a golden crescent shaped peacock plume fan rest against the knight
13 usually the parian be elaborately decorate with colored feather flower scarf ribbon comb jewel and luster ruff single double occasionally triple about the bottom of the yoke . the hair blonde for the most part but occasionally brunette be arrange in interesting and elaborate way . the eye be paint or of blown glass oval with high center the paperweight type .
42 gemma name meaning and origin she surname doyle come from the irish language Ó dubhghaill or descendent of dubhghall . the word dubhgall as it be be gaelic for dark stranger . doyle behind the name gemma s full name then mean jewel who be descend from a dark stranger . in rebel angels gemma felicity and ann make anagram of their name . gemma s prove to be dog mealy em which be a constant source of irritation for she after ann and felicity take to use it as an insult .
37 the good-hearted octavio want silvia to lead an honourable life without the support of a lover . therefore he settle a good pension upon she . however silvia immediately spend some of the money on fine clothes jewel and a new coach . with this equipment she impress everyone include alonzo at the “toure ” and she finally manage to gain alonzo as she new lover . she first meet this handsome young man on she way to brussels .
45 art kathryn notice that the professional piece of art be very simple . she strategy be to throw as much junk as possible into their piece such that it would stand out as complex from the other . the art critic even state that the jewel be a give-away .
20 three-inch bar on a gate be suppose to further decrease the chance that someone might find jones gold silver and jewel . these bar prevent access to a main passage which be also suppose to be guard by a cannon . a book publish by university of kentucky press have call this account mythical .
37 golden tortoise beetle charidotella sexpuncta previously know as metriona bicolor be common north american beetle that can be find on morning glory leaf which be their preferred food . they can change color look initially like tiny jewel or golden ladybug but can alter the reflectivity of the cuticle so the outer layer become clear reveal a ladybug type of red coloring with black spot . this color change be accomplish by microscopic valve control the moisture level under the shell . various population of this beetle also have black marking obscure the underlying color to various degree and it be this variation in appearance that have lead to the use of multiple name for this species .
47 in 944 congalach mac máel mithig king of knowth together with the king of leinster sack dublin . the account of the sack in the chronicon scotorum state that four hundred foreigner fall in the taking of the fortress and they burn it and bring away its jewel and treasure and prisoner . in the same year amlaíb cuarán and blácaire s brother ragnall be drive out of york . amlaíb probably take refuge in the kingdom of strathclyde but be drive out and return to dublin in 945 .
4 tiara papal tiara crown jewel list of royal crowns
19 commodus and philocommodus loved equally by the emperor and his concubine marcia the youth a favorite adorned with rich jewel and minimal clothing discover a tablet upon which be write the name of a number of individual to be execute . the tablet end up in the hand of marcia who find she name at the top of the list organize the assassination of commodus that same day december 31 192 . venus castina by clarence joseph bulliet pp86-7
47 in 2003 she receive a billboard songwriting competition honorable mention in the lyric category for she song “unconditionally . ” she also win the absolute jam r&b competition hold at zanzibar . she be a national finalists of the soulcitycafe music quest competition sponsor by pop artist jewel atlantic records and soulcitycafe .com .
17 delicious proposal sweet proposal 2001 my love patzzi 내 사랑 팥쥐 2002 dae jang geum 대장금 also jewel in the palace 2003 rooftop room cat 옥탑방 고양이 2003 damo 다모 2003
44 pillar inside the basadus saavira kambada basadi kannada ಸಾವಿರ ಕಂಬದ ಬಸದ ಿ which literally translate to basadi of 1000 pillar in english be one of the most major basadis locate in moodbidri karnataka india . the basadi be also know as tribhuvanatilaka chudamani crest jewel of the three world basad and chandranath basadus honouring lord chandranath whose eight foot idol be worship in the basadi . . .
87 from his youth stefano borgia manifest an aptitude for historical research and a taste for relic of ancient civilization a line in which he succeed so well that at the age of nineteen he be receive into the academy of cortona . he found a museum in velletri in which during his whole life he gather coin and manuscript especially coptic and which may be consider as his major undertaking and achievement . such be his passion for antiquity that he be know to have sell his jewel and precious earthenware in order to secure the coveted treasure and have the description of they print . borgia place his scientific collection at the disposal of scholar regardless of creed and country and give they encouragement and support . paolino da san bartolomeo adler zoega heeren and many other be among his enthusiastic friend .
15 plot synopsis a wealthy lord pass away and be entomb with a valuable deposit of jewel . seven key be require to unlock the tomb and access the treasure . a series of mysterious event cause the key to be scatter and when try to unravel the circumstance the heiress of the fortune and she companion investigator become entangle in a web of fraud deceit torture and murder .
1 the jewel of the tsars – the romanovs imperial russia by prince michael of greece . vendome press . new york 2006 .
75 ahmed shah abdali play a prominent role during the indian expedition and in the security of king nadir shah while pass through the khyber pass in afridi tribal area . much pleased with his service nadir shah accord special favour to ahmed shah abdali . when nadir shah be kill in 1747 near mashhad by his nephew ahmed shah fight with persians and later hurry to kandhar to secure nadir shah s treasure include the jewel and koh-e-noor diamond he bring from india . after secure kandhar ahmed shah declare his independence from persia and in unite all afghan tribe lay the foundation of first afghan empire . ahmad shah one of the greatest and most respected afghan leader assume the title of durr-i-durran “pearl of pearls” .
11 the people of the black circle a witch shall be born jewel of gwahlur beyond the black river shadow in zamboula
64 there be a story that he originally intend to join the king s royal rifle corps but be turn down he then join the fourth pioneer battalion coldstream guards . he become a lieutenant and finally a captain . in 1908 he become engage to catherine margaret boscawen daughter of john richard de clare boscawen take a diamond from an earring of the petre jewel to make the ring . they marry at westminster cathedral on june 28 1913 . he serve in france and belgium but die at paris-plage on 30 september 1915 of wound receive in action at the battle of loos .
54 christopher lawrence jeburk bear 1975 be a convict felon most infamous for the string of bank robbery he successfully pull off along the east coast of the united states . he escape four time from prison twice from a regional detention center and twice while in federal custody to commit more crime include a jewel heist in indonesia . he be currently incarcerate in a maximum security penitentiary in atlanta georgia .
49 act v contain one of the more remarkably bizarre scene in english renaissance drama . dress up as devil three craftsman a carpenter a mason and a smith break into offa s castle . they be the man who build offa s subterranean room which they interpret as his jewel house . during construction they make a privy way for themselves to come and take a share of the suppose treasure . the carpenter be lower into the room when the other try to draw he back up they retrieve one of the outlaw instead .
34 moshav sgula be found in 1953 by native israelis . the name may be base on a verse in exodus 19:5 where the word segulum be use in the sense of special treasure or jewel .
42 kristy s acting career begin in 1991 when age 7 she appear in the ruth rendell mysteries . kristy bruce at imdb minor role in the vicar of dibley the detectives mike and angelo and the tv adaptation of danielle steel s jewel be follow by regular role in the bbc schools programme magic grandad and cbbc s the demon headmaster .
43 she be akira s caretaker treat he as if he be she own child instead . she android form be basically make of two shades of gold with she hair model into a sort of sweep up bun . she have a green jewel in the center of she forehead with which to shoot a laser at she enemy . rieko do not change she appearance in the live action .
28 it have be suggest that the piece be make to adorn a relic casket cross or other church fit order by saint wilfrid . an picture of the jewel be available here .
58 shimon be one of akane s friend from she world although he be a year younger than she be and still in his final year of middle school . shimon be accidentally draw into the well while try to protect his friend from akuram s summoning . consequently shimon be the first hachiyou to receive a dragon s jewel because he be the first one to protect she in kyou .
52 the national government be take part in modernize the roadway as well build motorway to uroševac and other city . an albanian millionaire in croatia be build the largest building in the balkans . up to metre 0 ft high and with a capacity to hold 20,000 people it be indeed a jewel . the cost for this be 400 million euro . on the 38th floor there will be a restaurant where you can see the whole city .
19 tenma s position in the hachiyou be chi no seiryuu . his power be generally wind relate and his jewel be locate on his upper arm . unlike the other hachiyou who only have jewel tenma also have a tattoo mark up his arm around the area where his gem be . hachiyou shou anime episode 2-3 in the anime it be indicate that this be cause by his be choose .
34 tenma s position in the hachiyou be chi no seiryuu . his power be generally wind relate and his jewel be locate on his upper arm . unlike the other hachiyou who only have jewel tenma also have a tattoo mark up his arm around the area where his gem be . hachiyou shou anime episode 2-3 in the anime it be indicate that this be cause by his be choose . in the manga however it seem that the tattoo might have be there already before he receive his gem from akane .
11 the first version be a limited edition digipak . a standard jewel case be release on february 29 2008 .
38 player kick and punch opponent while try to obtain cash attain first place . the track be locate in various part of the world include tahoe and san francisco . the game be available in a large cd jewel case like the one use for the sega cd game .
31 mack find a job as the fitness professor at the capwell fitness center but trouble be wait for he around the . a jealous colleague name ilsa accuse he of steal jewel but with the help from julia wainwright mack prove his innocence in court . mack be surprise when his mother phyllis arrive in town . however there be more trouble ahead for mack .
10 but the next day barney discover that his mother s jewel have be purloin by she husband who have spend all night gambling with dilys father nick basil sydney . barney arrive just in time to see mordelaine lose on a single unlucky throw of the dice .
26 when declare by brazil s institute for protection of historical and architectural patrimony its president choose theatro da paz as one of the 14 most beautiful jewel of brazilian patrimony .
4 now take all my jewel gorge gold to your fill
30 the last of mrs. cheyney be a 1937 drama/comedy motion picture star joan crawford william powell robert montgomery and frank morgan . the film tell the story of a chic jewel thief in england who fall in love with one of she mark .
64 arthur try to impress fay but be reject by she even though she be become attract to he . after a charity auction at fay s house she servant look forward to a profitable future but charles she butler suggest that she may be more fond of arthur than she pretend . fay and she servant be really confidence operator who be plan a jewel robbery use fay as their front . at the duchess country home she suggest to fay that arthur who usually act like a cad be really in love with she but fay shrug she word off . after lord kelton make a bungled attempt to propose to she fay sneak into the duchess room and attempt to steal she pearl necklace but be interrupt by a maid .
11 the pyramid of blue be a unique design pyramid to store jewel . the original be a gift for a famous person in 2005 . gerl produce another pyramid which be call pyramid of purple .
26 release “territory ” see relatively few variation upon its release compare to the other singles from the album . the cd come in a standard slimline jewel case rather than the usual digipak and only one version be release . the single be also release as a 12” vinyl record with only “polícia” as a b-side .
5 the police arrive with some jewel and a suicide note from chandra and they realise that she be now dead . sivalingam be very happy when he finally become convinced that kantha be his real daughter and fix she marriage with shekar . laksmi be very disturb because she believe that all the confusion in the house be cause because they do not keep their word to ramaswamy and parvathi and get one of the daughter marry to sundaram .
42 shop and market one after another line both river bank and merchant junk be crowd together . it be well call an urban center of the southeast ... all the treasure of land and sea such as thin silk gauze gold silver jewel craft art and rich and great merchant be there and ... merchantman and junk from henan hebei and fujian gather like cloud . atwell 2002 100 . brook 1998 45 .
32 the bigger boy dig for artifact in the field and find garnet . they dream of become jillionaire . beaver s balloon be burst when he learn the garnet be not precious jewel but the worthless kind use for make sandpaper . ward point out the risk of make up story and try to be a make-believe big guy .
73 in dry area many ancient textile have be find in grave from south america s paracas culture which wrap its mummy tightly in several layer of elaborately pattern cloth . elite moche grave contain especially fine pottery be incorporate into large adobe structure also use for human sacrifice such as the huaca de la luna . andean culture such as the sican often practice mummification and leave grave goods in precious metal with jewel include tumi ritual knife and gold funerary mask as well as pottery .
40 pybus take an exhausting covert trip to meet the king on 24 may 1762 . after several talk without any conclusive decision pybus leave after a month . the king give he a ring sword a gold chain with breast jewel and leave the country cross the river at puttalam pass while the the dissawa who accompany pybus present the ship commander samuel cornish a gold chain and a ring in the name of king keerthi sri rajasinha .
11 when i first come to town they call i the roving jewel now they have change their tune they call i katy cruel
11 when i first come to town they call i the roving jewel now they have change their tune they call i katy cruel
44 babar founder of the mughal empire brother of angelica . bayezid ii sultan of the ottoman empire from 1481 to 1512 . birbal grand vizier wazīr-e azam of the mughal court in the administration of the mughal emperor akbar and one of the nine jewel in akbar s court elizabeth i queen of england giuliano de medici reign in florence from 1512 to 1516 .
43 just as the coffee seller these group would also carry recreation of their workshop build on wheel . ibid 90-91 . they be usually accompany by hundred of young man who be typically apprentice and they be adorn with gold and many other jewel . the surname describe these young man in detail the description be give a lot of space in the surname and praise their beauty almost as if they be a source of excitement for the spectator . ibid 95 .
38 short story in the post-independence era oriya fiction assume a new direction.the trend which fakir mohan have start actually develop more after 50’s of last century . gopinath mohanty surendra mohanty and manoj das be consider as three jewel of this time . they be the pioneer of a new trend that of develop or project the “individual as protagonist ” in oriya fiction . eminent feminist writer and critic sarojini sahoo believe that it be not gopinath but surendra mohanty whose “ruti o chandra” have to be consider as first story of individualistic approach rather than the story “dan” by gopinth which be formerly know as the first story of “individualistic attitude” .
32 ilias lalaounis jewelry museum be a museum in athens greece create by the renowned greek jewelery designer ilias lalounis . it be comprise by 24 collection of a total of over 4,000 jewel and small ornament dedicate to the history and art of jewelery making . the permanent exhibition display 3000 piece design in the period 1940-1992 .
33 mentioned as eleni frantzeskaki collection traditional item that belong to the founder s personal collection be expose here . among they you will find expensive lace wonderful hand weave material and amazingly make jewel . mentioned as eleni frantzeskaki collection
82 milady sneak into buckingham s chamber and steel the box contain the necklace before she be recognise by buckingham who recognise she as the widow of his friend lord de winter . milady escape and take the box to the cardinal who find that it be empty . milady express she hatred of man man and head to the royal hunt in disguise where richelieu suggest that the king host a ball and that he and the queen wear the full crown jewel hunt .
54 atho overcome with emotion allow porthos and aramis to decide the punishment for milady which they agree should be death . as athos draw his sword milady throw herself to she death from the tower . at the palace the ball have begin and d'artagnan arrive just in time to give the queen she jewel reveal the murder of constance and the plotting of richelieu . as richelieu and his man be arrest the king and queen be unite and plan to have child at last . d'artagnan go to the grave of his father and reflect on his new life as a musketeer .
30 a soul endow with the three jewels constitute an excellent ford . one can cross the ocean of transmigratory cycle saṃsāra with the aid of the divine boat of three jewel of right faith knowledge and conduct . Ācāranga sūtra 514
5 sunday matinee may 25 th jewel
5 saturday may 31 st matinee jewel
5 saturday june 7 th matinee jewel
50 when it come time from the princess to marry five prince from neighbor kingdom come to she and present she with gift . the first prince bring she an enormous golden apple the second prince bring she a nightingale of a thousand diamond the third prince bring she a great jewel box make of sapphire and diamond and the fourth prince bring she a gigantic heart make of ruby pierce by an emerald arrow .
15 after careful consideration the princess select the gift she like best the platinum and sapphire jewel box she logic be that she would meet more admirer who would give she gift in which she could put in the box . the princess marry the third prince that very day .
15 the first fabill in the romulus text de gallo et jaspide the cock and the jewel depict a cockerel who reject a valuable gemstone in preference for more precious grain . the morall fabillis open with the same example . morall fabillis
81 line 61-2 . although the fabill have no substantial story as such henryson s version quietly keep the narrative promise make in the prolog by re-imagine the material as a strongly-realised vignette give it a specific set and hint at a fully characterise cockerel . his artfulness subtly foreshadow the more fully-fleshed story yet to come deferred tactic but the adaption remain broadly conservative and the moralita moral plural moralitate come down unreservedly against the cockerel on the grounds that the jewel represent wisdom rather than wealth . in the romulus this judgement occur in only two line henryson make the same case state it with an almost unexpected force take five stanza .
30 plot two passenger sobieski and zahn and the conductor glover discover that a person have die on their night train cabin after take an overdose . they come across valuable jewel in a small box which the person have bring with he that they wish to keep for themselves . so to make it look like the man never board the train they conspire to dump the corpse in a river that the train pass by . their scheme to get rid of the corpse escalate to the point where they have to chop up his body just to fit he into a very small trunk .
58 the main protagonist of the series . nadia be a 14 year old 15 toward the end of the series who work in a circus as an acrobat in order to survive since she be an orphan and of unknown origin . she be chase by grandis and she associate sanson and hanson who be look for the jewel that nadia possess the blue water . while escape from they she meet jean and from that moment the two of they will be together in the series where she try to discover she origin and find out the truth about she past and the blue water the jewel that seem to have an enormous intrinsic power .
100 nadia be a 14 year old 15 toward the end of the series who work in a circus as an acrobat in order to survive since she be an orphan and of unknown origin . she be chase by grandis and she associate sanson and hanson who be look for the jewel that nadia possess the blue water . while escape from they she meet jean and from that moment the two of they will be together in the series where she try to discover she origin and find out the truth about she past and the blue water the jewel that seem to have an enormous intrinsic power .
87 grandis be a 28 year old who grow up in a royal italian family . at first she be rather rich spoiled and powerful young woman but later when she be trick by she first husband who marry she just for she money until he leave she broke and alone . after she frail mistake she be exile by she relative and the only people who remain faithful and loyal to she be hanson and sanson with whom she then form the grandis gang a group of jewel thief . she life and behavior change dramatically when she meet nadia and the other have to first steal the blue water then want to protect they after find out she have soft spot for they when learn about their trouble with gargoyle . once aboard the nautilus she fall hopelessly in love with captain nemo compete and have a strict rivalry with electra .
52 the band play live with a 16 piece string section biography air supply 8-12-08 . the band s highest attendance occur in havana cuba july 7 2005 where they play in front of an audience of 174.000 people . single the way i feel become a hit in china and a difficult jewel among the band s song .
26 once they arrive the group learn that they be not allow to enter without proof of citizenship . soon after a mysterious figure drop a coin-like jewel near the group kaim and sarah who seem to recognize the coin depart to follow he . see the royal train arrive the child take off to examine it . seth jansen and ming head toward the royal palace .
20 hexenwind be the fourth studio album by the austrian black metal band dornenreich . this album be available in a jewel case and as a digipak with silver text on the cover . an additional hour of music be record during the recording session of this album . the music be add on their next album durch den traum .
23 biographybogardus fraud show barnum and the ghost of abraham lincoln . before begin his career as a spirit photographer mumler work as a jewel engraver in boston practice amateur photography in his spare time . willin melvyn . david charles newton abbot .
61 the museum contain many notable krater vases with handle include a post-geometric one with two horizontal and two vertical grip decorate with a metope represent woman dancer and water bird the fragment of a krater of the 7th century bc represent odysseus and his companion blind the cyclops polyphemus and a krater from an argive atelier decorate with metope of geometrical jewel horse and water bird .
24 mean girl gretchen wieners lacey chabert appear in a black catsuit . mr. magoo kelly lynch appear early on in the film as a jewel thief in a black latex catsuit . the mighty boosh vince noir noel fielding inventor of the mirror ball suit . never been kiss leelee sobieski appear in blue spandex catsuit .
53 it be a method of ornament particularly applicable to jewelry and work in gold . cellini use it entirely . i therefore make four small figure of boy say he with four little grotesque which complete the ring and i add to it a few fruit and ligature in enamel so that the jewel and the ring appear admirably suit to each other . both in the french and the italian work the method be mingle with better classic detail and with finer natural imitation but hardly in the saracenic itself be the tracery so prominent as in the elizabethan . if the type be meager its play of line be infinite curve lead to curve intricacy to intricacy and over all ornamented surface the scroll that support other form panel or scutcheon or mask the figure the faceted jewel form open into succession and sequence of interlacing and escape strap and ribbon and transform into the representation of all the gay buckling and harnessing of chivalry .
119 i therefore make four small figure of boy say he with four little grotesque which complete the ring and i add to it a few fruit and ligature in enamel so that the jewel and the ring appear admirably suit to each other . both in the french and the italian work the method be mingle with better classic detail and with finer natural imitation but hardly in the saracenic itself be the tracery so prominent as in the elizabethan . if the type be meager its play of line be infinite curve lead to curve intricacy to intricacy and over all ornamented surface the scroll that support other form panel or scutcheon or mask the figure the faceted jewel form open into succession and sequence of interlacing and escape strap and ribbon and transform into the representation of all the gay buckling and harnessing of chivalry .
4 no. 134 use star-shaped jewel simulated white round pearls 2 size and silver beads .
7 but lose in the mix be a jewel of a high performance car in the ’65 jetstar 1 . trimmed down to 3963 pound from over 4,000 the previous year the ’65 model be an overlooked performance car . the new 370 hp 276 kw 425ci starfire engine deliver 470 ft·lbf 637 n·m of torque be durable and be quite an improvement over the ’64 394 . how serious be that horsepower and torque in ’65
13 this set be re-release on 25 august 2009 in a standard 3 disc jewel casing .
27 the author perch on his etymological dunghill clap his wing and crow in defiance of all who have scrape the dunghill before he . he have find jewel which escape their superficial search and like a cock of wisdom know how to use they when he have find they and be dispose to call we fool for not comprehend their value .
7 an emanation of the holder of the jewel will manifest
95 mendoz be injure in the fall he crawl away from the lady s house and be apprehend by the night watch . the watch assume that the duke s nephew have be assault and scour the city for suspect they find clardiana and rogero in each other s house and arrest they both . the two silly man be ready to be wrongfully condemn rather than admit publicly that they have be cuckold as they now believe mendoza want to spare lady lentulus dishonor claim that he be climb to she apartment to steal she jewel .
74 as liu mengmei continue his pilgrimage he happen upon the temple of the many-jewelled in which upon lucky chance there arrive the imperial inspector miao shunbin . acting upon this opportunity unhesitatingly mengmei present himself to the inspector s attendant request an audience with their lord upon verify a history of tantamount scholarship . as this request have be grant and the two individual respectively greet one another mengmei begin examine the pearl and jewel beneath miao s jurisdiction with heightened interest and intent on further investigate the sourcing of this treasury he be drive to ask what great distance have be travel to gather such material . further this mengmei romanticize the situation by attribute the pearl and jewel as insensate without be able to present happiness they can neither be use to feed the hungry nor cloth the naked . with this he then declare that his worth be in direct contrast he be a pearl among man that would grant his sacred majesty with an un-priced bearing of treasure for the court .
92 acting upon this opportunity unhesitatingly mengmei present himself to the inspector s attendant request an audience with their lord upon verify a history of tantamount scholarship . as this request have be grant and the two individual respectively greet one another mengmei begin examine the pearl and jewel beneath miao s jurisdiction with heightened interest and intent on further investigate the sourcing of this treasury he be drive to ask what great distance have be travel to gather such material . further this mengmei romanticize the situation by attribute the pearl and jewel as insensate without be able to present happiness they can neither be use to feed the hungry nor cloth the naked . with this he then declare that his worth be in direct contrast he be a pearl among man that would grant his sacred majesty with an un-priced bearing of treasure for the court . upon convince miao that he be indeed a man of talent but without the capacity to bear a one-thousand mile journey to nan'an the imperial inspector present mengmei with the necessary fund and a farewell toast of wine before see he on his way .
31 against the will of the godlike valar fëanor have induce the noldor to leave valinor to make war upon the dark lord morgoth in revenge for the theft of his silmarilli jewel and the murder of his father finwë . as the easiest route to middle-earth be by sea fëanor and his son lead one host of the noldor to the city of alqualondë and ask the sea-faring teleri of alqualondë for their vessel . the teleri refuse to help they defy the valar .
10 # valenti tv cm # kiseki 奇蹟 tv cm # jewel song tv cm # 1st album liisten to my heart tv cm # remix album peace b.remixestv cm
44 bluffton university . . the building include several recur element from morgan s mediterranean style building include full-length arched window balcony with iron ballustrade and decorative bracket . a writer in california graphic say this beautiful and spacious new building be but one more jewel in the crown of achieved result which this progressive and cultural little city be wear so proudly and show its ever increase desire to give unstinted moral and financial support to every progressive endeavor .
85 soon after li heng arrive in lingwu the official and general there urge he to take the throne and he do as emperor suzong . he consider create consort zhang empress but at the advice of his key advisor li mi decide that it be inappropriate to do so before he have a chance to seek the approval of emperor xuanzong whom he honor as taishang huang retired emperor . meanwhile however around this time emperor xuanzong send she a saddle with seven kind of jewel stud on it as a gift . li mi opine that in the difficult time it would be inappropriate for she to use such a luxurious item and therefore suggest instead that the jewel be remove and reward to those soldier with accomplishment . emperor suzong agree and li tan publicly praise the decision cause consort zhang to thereafter bear much resentment toward li mi and li tan .
94 he consider create consort zhang empress but at the advice of his key advisor li mi decide that it be inappropriate to do so before he have a chance to seek the approval of emperor xuanzong whom he honor as taishang huang retired emperor . meanwhile however around this time emperor xuanzong send she a saddle with seven kind of jewel stud on it as a gift . li mi opine that in the difficult time it would be inappropriate for she to use such a luxurious item and therefore suggest instead that the jewel be remove and reward to those soldier with accomplishment . emperor suzong agree and li tan publicly praise the decision cause consort zhang to thereafter bear much resentment toward li mi and li tan . meanwhile she enter into an alliance with emperor suzong s trust eunuch li fuguo and together the two become powerful inside the palace purportedly carry out much misdeed .
17 his speciality be bank convoy of money gather from different source or in the form of gold jewel art object or ingot . in 1941 he set himself up at 70 boulevard maurice barrès in neuilly-sur-seine but van houten and de mérode separate after a disagreement in 1942 .
55 the building actually contain two separate chapel separate by a double brick wall with a catholic chapel at the north end and a protestant chapel at the south end . each chapel have a separate entrance with a tower and belfry . design by j. lee burton wadsworth chapel have be call an intricate little jewel box by christopher alexander the associate curator of architecture for the getty research institute . the building be note for its eclectic exterior ornamentation and its combination of colonial revival sometimes classify as romanesque and carpenter gothic architecture . david gebhard and robert winter 1994 .
30 from 1953 to 1956 3 zumbado work at a north american insurance company as an archivist and be fire after stray the policy of a gómez mena family aristocrat s jewel prosas en ajiaco p . 235 . he have also work as an office system seller prosas en ajiaco p.235 .
1 hurricane jewel
59 two month before the action begin he rescue zétulbé from a band of brigand and zétulbé have fall in love with he . but zétulbé s mother lémaïde be unimpress by his shabby appearance and refuse to let she marry he . she be amaze when il bondocani order his follower to bring in gift include a casket of jewel . think il bondocani be a brigand lémaïde s neighbour have report he to the police who now try to break down the door . after further intrigue isaoun finally reveal his true identity to zétulbé and the two can now be marry .
28 the god themselves forbid it . joscelin protect the queen however come from behind and knock he unconscious . when he awake he re-see a picture make of jewel which be present to the queen by astegal on his visit to the city . the picture be of elua s square and in the picture inside the tree in middle of the square be a green gem . he have look at the picture a number of time but it be only clear from this new angle the god answer your prayer sideways .
25 symbolic dimension of the javanese house melbourne vic . centre of southeast asian studies monash university 1983 . fighting for democracy on a heap of jewel . clayton vic . monash asia institute 1997 .
26 zack may sometimes be the obnoxious twin but he be more aware of event than cody in to catch a thief when the twin overhear the jewel thief in the ballroom when zack ask do you hear that cody reply with yeah the jewel thief want mom s job . another example be in have a nice trip when they see harry dance while they be in the vent zack tell cody that his back be fine but cody after he hear holly con mr. moseby he say not that i order a dozen of those marshmallow mushies .
43 zack may sometimes be the obnoxious twin but he be more aware of event than cody in to catch a thief when the twin overhear the jewel thief in the ballroom when zack ask do you hear that cody reply with yeah the jewel thief want mom s job . another example be in have a nice trip when they see harry dance while they be in the vent zack tell cody that his back be fine but cody after he hear holly con mr. moseby he say not that i order a dozen of those marshmallow mushies .
70 taj mahal also the taj the pinnacle of mughal architecture archeological survey of india description be build by the mughal emperor shah jahan in memory of his queen mumtaz mahal . it be consider the finest example of mughal architecture a style that combine element from persian turkish indian and islamic architectural style . in 1983 the taj mahal become a unesco world heritage site and be cite as the jewel of muslim art in india and one of the universally admire masterpiece of the world s heritage . it be an integrated symmetric complex of structure that be complete around 1648 . ustad ahmad lahauri be generally consider to be the principal designer of the taj mahal .
40 partab chand send his soldier in disguise with his own jewellery to go down to the market of bhimber to get the much need supplies . his man go to a jeweller who be astonish when he see the royal jewel . the maharaja of bhimber siripat thakial learn about the man with the royal jewel and find out about the deployment of the kangra troops on hill top . he send his ambassador to partab chand which result a friendly meeting between the partab chand and the maharaja of bhimber .
55 partab chand send his soldier in disguise with his own jewellery to go down to the market of bhimber to get the much need supplies . his man go to a jeweller who be astonish when he see the royal jewel . the maharaja of bhimber siripat thakial learn about the man with the royal jewel and find out about the deployment of the kangra troops on hill top . he send his ambassador to partab chand which result a friendly meeting between the partab chand and the maharaja of bhimber .
35 norman b. leventhal envision that the boston public library s cartographic collection would be the foundation of educational outreach program for student of all age . thomas c. palmer jr. map lead to a public jewel boston globe 6 september 2007 . 2 july 2008 in support of this goal the norman b. leventhal map center maintain an interactive website create educational curricular material and exhibit that be free to the public and archived on line for student of all age . the norman b. leventhal map center at the boston public library history of the nblmc .
68 the norman b. leventhal map center at the boston public library history of the nblmc . the library have sponsor successful exhibit relate to map include one in 1999 that coincide with release of the book leventhal publish mapping boston and in 2004 face and place which connect resident of boston to the place their ancestor have live . thomas c. palmer jr. map lead to a public jewel boston globe 6 september 2007 . 2 july 2008 . the norman b. leventhal map center also curate an exhibit in 2006 title journeys of the imagination which explore world map and most recently boston and beyond a bird s eye view of new england and exhibit which look at aerial view of new england town .
100 the possible dream include two title sing in english gotta move on and superman as well as the israeli single release ad hayom to this day the title track hahalom haefshari the possible dream makát chom ey la dir la da da heatstroke a cover of a classic 70 s hit single by legendary italian/egyptian/french entertainer dalida then title darladirladada sipur katzar tachlom dream on tagíd li mi tell i who and yihye tov i'll be fine although some of these be only issue as promotional singles . the album be release as two different edition one in a regular jewel case and the second in a card sleeve . the track list on both edition be identical .
36 build by the philadelphia toboggan company in 1920 during the golden age of wooden carousel carousel # 54 be ship from the city of brotherly love to north dartmouth massachusetts where it serve as the crown jewel of lincoln amusement park for seventy year . when the park close in 1991 a group of fall river business leader lobby to bring the carousel to battleship cove . the carousel be refurbish at a cost of $ 250,000 .
35 the lspa be the oldest environmental association in new hampshire . the association have be work to protect and preserve lake sunapee and other lake in the region since 1898. the lake be the one jewel that call we all here say the first president colonel hopkins of lspa. lspa have be test the waters of lake sunapee since 1950 . water be collect regularly and analyze at colby-sawyer college labs .
20 ultimately dimshits make sexual advance to ludmilla who flee into the company of captain viskovsky a white army officer turn jewel thief . viskovsky first get ludmilla drunk and then rape she in a nearby room . yasha kravchenko a corrupt officer in the soviet army coldly tell he people with the clap should not sleep with woman mr. viskovsky .
18 2007 in 2007 vodka win she first two start . then in the g1 oka sho the first jewel of the japanese filly triple crown daiwa scarlet nose out vodka for the win . oka sho japanese 1000 guineas daiwa scarlet get a leg up on vodka 4/9/07 .
17 vodka s next race be the gi tokyo yūshun also know as the japanese derby the second jewel in the japanese triple crown . thus make it japan s preakness stakes but it have the popularity of the kentucky derby . it be unusual for filly to be into this race .
46 thus make it japan s preakness stakes but it have the popularity of the kentucky derby . it be unusual for filly to be into this race . usually they be enter into the yushun himba also know as the japanese oak which be the 2nd jewel of the japanese filly triple crown the us equivalent of the coaching club american oaks . in a move that shock the racing world vodka win handily beat a field of some of the best 3 year old colt in the country . she become the first filly to win the race in 64 year .
10 vodka be enter in the gi shuka sho the last jewel of the japanese filly triple crown equivalent of the us s gi alabama stakes . daiwa scarlet win the race with vodka come in a non-threatening 3rd . shuka sho scarlet knock down vodka 10/14/07 .
3 the jester jetstream jewel jigsaw jim varney
6 jones gabe jones hugh jones jessica jewel knightress jones reno jones rick
47 private august dexter be on his way back from savannah georgia after deliver confidential papers from general sherman when he decide to spend the night at a burned plantation house in order to rest and loot the house . an old slave offer he his mistress s jewel for fifty dollar . august give he thirty dollar and his father s gold watch . he plan to sell the jewellery and use they to fund his plan of build a bank in new york .
37 in 1996 the branch be open again as far as ostheim as a museum railway operate the so-called little rhön train rhön-zügle . in 2000 the entire route to fladungen be open again . the museum s jewel in the crown be its restore bavarian gtl 4/4 steam engine number 98 886 which be on loan from the town of schweinfurt . the museum railway be part of the franconian open air museum fränkisches freilandmuseum and the railway be operate by the lower main railway friends eisenbahnfreunden untermain kursbuch der deutschen museums-eisenbahnen 2008 handbook of german museum railways verlag uhle und kleimann isbn 978-3-928959-50-6 serial 264 .
7 doris payne 1930 be a long-time american jewel thief .
4 reference wagner angie 75-year-old jewel thief look back nov 20 2005 . msnbc.com access july 26 2008 .
9 the heist be a quirky crime-drama about two first-time jewel thief who stage a bizarre diamond heist ... with seemingly disastrous result .
42 captain kirk and the u.s.s. enterprise join with the klingons to investigate a spatial anomaly that have already swallow one starship . kirk suspect the problem have something to do with the nearby lifeform on taygeta v being prey upon for the jewel they secrete at the moment of their death . unfortunately a klingon officer have mutiny on his mind and the anomaly threaten to destroy all of know space .
11 wednesday afternoon 2004 .... driver the seventh bottle 2003 .... william jewel of the sahara 2001 .... harold belamy chinese box 1997 .... principal
5 in japanese mythology the tide jewel or kanju 干珠 tide-]ebbing jewel and manju 満珠 tide-]flowing jewel be magical gem that the sea god use to control the tide . classical japanese history text record an ancient myth that the ocean kami watatsumi 海神 sea god or ryūjin 龍神 dragon god present the kanju and manju to his demigod son-in-law hoori and a later legend that empress jingū use the tide jewel to conquer korea . tide jewel interrelate japanese dragon and wani sea-monster indonesian mythology the nyoi-ju 如意珠 cintamanus wish-fulfilling jewel in japanese buddhism magic jewel of nāga king in hindu mythology and the pearl association of chinese dragon in chinese mythology .
10 in japanese mythology the tide jewel or kanju 干珠 tide-]ebbing jewel and manju 満珠 tide-]flowing jewel be magical gem that the sea god use to control the tide . classical japanese history text record an ancient myth that the ocean kami watatsumi 海神 sea god or ryūjin 龍神 dragon god present the kanju and manju to his demigod son-in-law hoori and a later legend that empress jingū use the tide jewel to conquer korea . tide jewel interrelate japanese dragon and wani sea-monster indonesian mythology the nyoi-ju 如意珠 cintamanus wish-fulfilling jewel in japanese buddhism magic jewel of nāga king in hindu mythology and the pearl association of chinese dragon in chinese mythology .
15 in japanese mythology the tide jewel or kanju 干珠 tide-]ebbing jewel and manju 満珠 tide-]flowing jewel be magical gem that the sea god use to control the tide . classical japanese history text record an ancient myth that the ocean kami watatsumi 海神 sea god or ryūjin 龍神 dragon god present the kanju and manju to his demigod son-in-law hoori and a later legend that empress jingū use the tide jewel to conquer korea . tide jewel interrelate japanese dragon and wani sea-monster indonesian mythology the nyoi-ju 如意珠 cintamanus wish-fulfilling jewel in japanese buddhism magic jewel of nāga king in hindu mythology and the pearl association of chinese dragon in chinese mythology .
70 in japanese mythology the tide jewel or kanju 干珠 tide-]ebbing jewel and manju 満珠 tide-]flowing jewel be magical gem that the sea god use to control the tide . classical japanese history text record an ancient myth that the ocean kami watatsumi 海神 sea god or ryūjin 龍神 dragon god present the kanju and manju to his demigod son-in-law hoori and a later legend that empress jingū use the tide jewel to conquer korea . tide jewel interrelate japanese dragon and wani sea-monster indonesian mythology the nyoi-ju 如意珠 cintamanus wish-fulfilling jewel in japanese buddhism magic jewel of nāga king in hindu mythology and the pearl association of chinese dragon in chinese mythology .
76 in japanese mythology the tide jewel or kanju 干珠 tide-]ebbing jewel and manju 満珠 tide-]flowing jewel be magical gem that the sea god use to control the tide . classical japanese history text record an ancient myth that the ocean kami watatsumi 海神 sea god or ryūjin 龍神 dragon god present the kanju and manju to his demigod son-in-law hoori and a later legend that empress jingū use the tide jewel to conquer korea . tide jewel interrelate japanese dragon and wani sea-monster indonesian mythology the nyoi-ju 如意珠 cintamanus wish-fulfilling jewel in japanese buddhism magic jewel of nāga king in hindu mythology and the pearl association of chinese dragon in chinese mythology .
90 in japanese mythology the tide jewel or kanju 干珠 tide-]ebbing jewel and manju 満珠 tide-]flowing jewel be magical gem that the sea god use to control the tide . classical japanese history text record an ancient myth that the ocean kami watatsumi 海神 sea god or ryūjin 龍神 dragon god present the kanju and manju to his demigod son-in-law hoori and a later legend that empress jingū use the tide jewel to conquer korea . tide jewel interrelate japanese dragon and wani sea-monster indonesian mythology the nyoi-ju 如意珠 cintamanus wish-fulfilling jewel in japanese buddhism magic jewel of nāga king in hindu mythology and the pearl association of chinese dragon in chinese mythology .
95 in japanese mythology the tide jewel or kanju 干珠 tide-]ebbing jewel and manju 満珠 tide-]flowing jewel be magical gem that the sea god use to control the tide . classical japanese history text record an ancient myth that the ocean kami watatsumi 海神 sea god or ryūjin 龍神 dragon god present the kanju and manju to his demigod son-in-law hoori and a later legend that empress jingū use the tide jewel to conquer korea . tide jewel interrelate japanese dragon and wani sea-monster indonesian mythology the nyoi-ju 如意珠 cintamanus wish-fulfilling jewel in japanese buddhism magic jewel of nāga king in hindu mythology and the pearl association of chinese dragon in chinese mythology .
9 terminology the japanese compound kanju 干珠 light . ebb jewel and manju 満珠 light . flow jewel combine kan 干 cf . 乾 dry up drain off ebb tides recede oppose and man 満 fill full rise tides fulfill satisfy with ju shu or tama 珠 gem jewel precious stone pearl bead .
15 the japanese compound kanju 干珠 light . ebb jewel and manju 満珠 light . flow jewel combine kan 干 cf . 乾 dry up drain off ebb tides recede oppose and man 満 fill full rise tides fulfill satisfy with ju shu or tama 珠 gem jewel precious stone pearl bead . compare the reversible compound kanman 干満 and mankan 満干or michihus 満ち干 mean ebb and flow high and low tide the tide .
39 ebb jewel and manju 満珠 light . flow jewel combine kan 干 cf . 乾 dry up drain off ebb tides recede oppose and man 満 fill full rise tides fulfill satisfy with ju shu or tama 珠 gem jewel precious stone pearl bead . compare the reversible compound kanman 干満 and mankan 満干or michihus 満ち干 mean ebb and flow high and low tide the tide . shiomitsu-tama 潮満珠 and shiohiru-tama 潮干珠 be archaic tide jewel name use shio or chō 潮 tide flow salt water .
61 乾 dry up drain off ebb tides recede oppose and man 満 fill full rise tides fulfill satisfy with ju shu or tama 珠 gem jewel precious stone pearl bead . compare the reversible compound kanman 干満 and mankan 満干or michihus 満ち干 mean ebb and flow high and low tide the tide . shiomitsu-tama 潮満珠 and shiohiru-tama 潮干珠 be archaic tide jewel name use shio or chō 潮 tide flow salt water .
37 early reference two nara period 710-794 ce historical text record myth that the sea god present the kanju and manju to hoori and a kamakura period 1192-1333 ce text say the legendary empress jingū use the tide jewel to conquer a korean kingdom in 200 ce.
2 the tide jewel be central to the lost fishhook legend about the fisherman hoderi and hunter hoori two brother who argue over replace a lost fishhook . hoori go search to the bottom of the sea where he meet and marry toyotama-hime the daughter of the dragon sea god . after live three year in the undersea ryūgū-jō 竜宮城 dragon palace castle ryūjin present hoori with his brother s fishhook and the tide jewel and arrange for he to take his sea-dragon bride back to land .
73 the tide jewel be central to the lost fishhook legend about the fisherman hoderi and hunter hoori two brother who argue over replace a lost fishhook . hoori go search to the bottom of the sea where he meet and marry toyotama-hime the daughter of the dragon sea god . after live three year in the undersea ryūgū-jō 竜宮城 dragon palace castle ryūjin present hoori with his brother s fishhook and the tide jewel and arrange for he to take his sea-dragon bride back to land .
19 kojiki the can . 680 ce kojiki 古事記 record of ancient matters use the archaic name shiomitsu-tama 潮満珠 tide-flowing jewel and shiohiru-tama 潮干珠 tide-ebbing jewel in two consecutive passage .
24 kojiki the can . 680 ce kojiki 古事記 record of ancient matters use the archaic name shiomitsu-tama 潮満珠 tide-flowing jewel and shiohiru-tama 潮干珠 tide-ebbing jewel in two consecutive passage .
72 have do thus – if thine elder brother make high field do thine augustness make low field and if thine elder brother make low field do thine augustness make high field . if thou do thus thine elder brother will certainly be impoverish in the space of three year owe to my rule the water . if thine elder brother incense at thy do thus should attack thee put forth the tide-flowing jewel to drown he . if he express grief put forth the tide-ebbing jewel to let he live . thus shalt thou harass he .
53 if thou do thus thine elder brother will certainly be impoverish in the space of three year owe to my rule the water . if thine elder brother incense at thy do thus should attack thee put forth the tide-flowing jewel to drown he . if he express grief put forth the tide-ebbing jewel to let he live . thus shalt thou harass he . with these word the sea-deity give to his augustness fire-subside the tide-flowing jewel and the tide-ebbing jewel – two in all – and forthwith summon together all the crocodile and ask they say the sky s-sun-height august child of the heaven s-sun-height be now about to proceed out to the upper-land .
32 if he express grief put forth the tide-ebbing jewel to let he live . thus shalt thou harass he . with these word the sea-deity give to his augustness fire-subside the tide-flowing jewel and the tide-ebbing jewel – two in all – and forthwith summon together all the crocodile and ask they say the sky s-sun-height august child of the heaven s-sun-height be now about to proceed out to the upper-land . who will in how many day respectfully escort he and bring back a report so each accord to the length of his body in fathom speak fix a certain number of day – one of they a crocodile one fathom long say i will escort he and come back in one day .
36 if he express grief put forth the tide-ebbing jewel to let he live . thus shalt thou harass he . with these word the sea-deity give to his augustness fire-subside the tide-flowing jewel and the tide-ebbing jewel – two in all – and forthwith summon together all the crocodile and ask they say the sky s-sun-height august child of the heaven s-sun-height be now about to proceed out to the upper-land . who will in how many day respectfully escort he and bring back a report so each accord to the length of his body in fathom speak fix a certain number of day – one of they a crocodile one fathom long say i will escort he and come back in one day .
8 the subsequent passage describe hoori use the tide jewel to force his brother s submission . hereupon his augustness fire-subside give the fish-hook to his elder brother exactly accord to the sea-deity s word of instruction . so thenceforward the elder brother become poorer and poorer and with renew savage intention come to attack he .
55 hereupon his augustness fire-subside give the fish-hook to his elder brother exactly accord to the sea-deity s word of instruction . so thenceforward the elder brother become poorer and poorer and with renew savage intention come to attack he . when he be about to attack his augustness fire-subside the latter put forth the tide-flowing jewel to drown he on his express grief he put forth the tide-ebbing jewel to save he . when he have thus be harass he bow his head say i henceforward will be thine augustness s guard by day and night and respectfully serve thee . tr .
68 hereupon his augustness fire-subside give the fish-hook to his elder brother exactly accord to the sea-deity s word of instruction . so thenceforward the elder brother become poorer and poorer and with renew savage intention come to attack he . when he be about to attack his augustness fire-subside the latter put forth the tide-flowing jewel to drown he on his express grief he put forth the tide-ebbing jewel to save he . when he have thus be harass he bow his head say i henceforward will be thine augustness s guard by day and night and respectfully serve thee . tr .
19 nihongi the can . 720 ce nihon shokus 日本書紀 chronicle of japan or nihongi日本紀 have several reference to tide jewel . chapter 2 the age of the gods part 2 include five version of the hoori-hoderi myth three of which mention the tide jewel . chapter 8 emperor chūai have a legend that empress jingū find a buddhist nyoi-ju 如意珠 light .
42 the can . 720 ce nihon shokus 日本書紀 chronicle of japan or nihongi日本紀 have several reference to tide jewel . chapter 2 the age of the gods part 2 include five version of the hoori-hoderi myth three of which mention the tide jewel . chapter 8 emperor chūai have a legend that empress jingū find a buddhist nyoi-ju 如意珠 light . as-one-wishes jewel and chapter 9 empress jingū tell how the sea god and wind god help she to conquer the korean kingdom of silla .
42 chapter 2 the age of the gods part 2 include five version of the hoori-hoderi myth three of which mention the tide jewel . chapter 8 emperor chūai have a legend that empress jingū find a buddhist nyoi-ju 如意珠 light . as-one-wishes jewel and chapter 9 empress jingū tell how the sea god and wind god help she to conquer the korean kingdom of silla .
14 three of the five lost fishhook myth version specifically mention hoori use the tide jewel to control the tide and cause his fisherman brother hoderi to submit . the other two variation involve control wind rather than tide . in the second version aston 1896 95-98 the sea god promise to directly control the sea wind if thy brother cross the sea i will then assuredly stir up the blast and billow and make they overwhelm and vex he .
62 if the heavenly grandchild desire to return to his country i will send he back . so he give he the fish-hook which he have find and in do so instruct he say when thou givest this fish-hook to thy elder brother before give to he call to it secretly and say a poor hook . he further present to he the jewel of the flow tide and the jewel of the ebb tide and instruct he say if thou dost dip the tide-flowing jewel the tide will suddenly flow and therewithal thou shalt drown thine elder brother . but in case thy elder brother should repent and beg forgiveness if on the contrary thou dip the tide-ebbing jewel the tide will spontaneously ebb and therewithal thou shalt save he . if thou harass he in this way thy elder brother will of his own accord render submission .
69 if the heavenly grandchild desire to return to his country i will send he back . so he give he the fish-hook which he have find and in do so instruct he say when thou givest this fish-hook to thy elder brother before give to he call to it secretly and say a poor hook . he further present to he the jewel of the flow tide and the jewel of the ebb tide and instruct he say if thou dost dip the tide-flowing jewel the tide will suddenly flow and therewithal thou shalt drown thine elder brother . but in case thy elder brother should repent and beg forgiveness if on the contrary thou dip the tide-ebbing jewel the tide will spontaneously ebb and therewithal thou shalt save he . if thou harass he in this way thy elder brother will of his own accord render submission .
84 if the heavenly grandchild desire to return to his country i will send he back . so he give he the fish-hook which he have find and in do so instruct he say when thou givest this fish-hook to thy elder brother before give to he call to it secretly and say a poor hook . he further present to he the jewel of the flow tide and the jewel of the ebb tide and instruct he say if thou dost dip the tide-flowing jewel the tide will suddenly flow and therewithal thou shalt drown thine elder brother . but in case thy elder brother should repent and beg forgiveness if on the contrary thou dip the tide-ebbing jewel the tide will spontaneously ebb and therewithal thou shalt save he . if thou harass he in this way thy elder brother will of his own accord render submission .
102 so he give he the fish-hook which he have find and in do so instruct he say when thou givest this fish-hook to thy elder brother before give to he call to it secretly and say a poor hook . he further present to he the jewel of the flow tide and the jewel of the ebb tide and instruct he say if thou dost dip the tide-flowing jewel the tide will suddenly flow and therewithal thou shalt drown thine elder brother . but in case thy elder brother should repent and beg forgiveness if on the contrary thou dip the tide-ebbing jewel the tide will spontaneously ebb and therewithal thou shalt save he . if thou harass he in this way thy elder brother will of his own accord render submission . … when hiko-hoho-demi no mikoto return to his palace he comply implicitly with the instruction of the sea-god and the elder brother ho-no-susori no mikoto find himself in the utmost strait of his own accord admit his offence and say henceforward i will be thy subject to perform mimic dance for thee .
12 the third version of the myth aston 1896 98-101 mention the tide jewel 9 time and elaborate the feature of mind control . i be rejoice in my inmost heart that the heavenly grandchild have now be graciously please to visit i . when shall i ever forget it
30 i be rejoice in my inmost heart that the heavenly grandchild have now be graciously please to visit i . when shall i ever forget it so he take the jewel which when thought of make the tide to flow and the jewel which when thought of make the tide to ebb and join they to the fish-hook present they say though the heavenly grandchild may be divide from i by eightfold winding of road i hope that we shall think of each other from time to time . do not therefore throw they away . and he teach he say when thou givest this fish-hook to thy elder brother call it thus a hook of poverty a hook of ruin a hook of downfall .
42 i be rejoice in my inmost heart that the heavenly grandchild have now be graciously please to visit i . when shall i ever forget it so he take the jewel which when thought of make the tide to flow and the jewel which when thought of make the tide to ebb and join they to the fish-hook present they say though the heavenly grandchild may be divide from i by eightfold winding of road i hope that we shall think of each other from time to time . do not therefore throw they away . and he teach he say when thou givest this fish-hook to thy elder brother call it thus a hook of poverty a hook of ruin a hook of downfall .
73 and he teach he say when thou givest this fish-hook to thy elder brother call it thus a hook of poverty a hook of ruin a hook of downfall . when thou hast say all this fling it away to he with thy back turn and deliver it not to he face to face . if thy elder brother be angry and have a mind to do thee hurt then produce the tide-flowing jewel and drown he therewith . as soon as he be in peril and appeal for mercy bring forth the tide-ebbing jewel and therewith save he . if thou dost vex he in this way he will of his own accord become thy submissive vassal now hiko-hoho-demi no mikoto have receive the jewel and the fish-hook come back to his original palace and follow implicitly the teaching of the sea-god .
64 when thou hast say all this fling it away to he with thy back turn and deliver it not to he face to face . if thy elder brother be angry and have a mind to do thee hurt then produce the tide-flowing jewel and drown he therewith . as soon as he be in peril and appeal for mercy bring forth the tide-ebbing jewel and therewith save he . if thou dost vex he in this way he will of his own accord become thy submissive vassal now hiko-hoho-demi no mikoto have receive the jewel and the fish-hook come back to his original palace and follow implicitly the teaching of the sea-god . first of all he offer his elder brother the fish-hook .
70 if thy elder brother be angry and have a mind to do thee hurt then produce the tide-flowing jewel and drown he therewith . as soon as he be in peril and appeal for mercy bring forth the tide-ebbing jewel and therewith save he . if thou dost vex he in this way he will of his own accord become thy submissive vassal now hiko-hoho-demi no mikoto have receive the jewel and the fish-hook come back to his original palace and follow implicitly the teaching of the sea-god . first of all he offer his elder brother the fish-hook . his elder brother be angry and would not receive it .
29 first of all he offer his elder brother the fish-hook . his elder brother be angry and would not receive it . accordingly the younger brother produce the tide-flowing jewel upon which the tide rise with a mighty overflow and the elder brother be drown . therefore he beseech his younger brother say i will serve thee as thy slave . i beseech thee spare my life .
29 therefore he beseech his younger brother say i will serve thee as thy slave . i beseech thee spare my life . the younger brother then produce the tide-ebbing jewel whereupon the tide ebb of its own accord and the elder brother be restore to tranquility . after this the elder brother change his former word and say i be thy elder brother . how can an elder brother serve a younger brother then the younger brother produce the tide-flowing jewel which his elder brother see flee up to a high mountain .
58 the younger brother then produce the tide-ebbing jewel whereupon the tide ebb of its own accord and the elder brother be restore to tranquility . after this the elder brother change his former word and say i be thy elder brother . how can an elder brother serve a younger brother then the younger brother produce the tide-flowing jewel which his elder brother see flee up to a high mountain . thereupon the tide also submerge the mountain . the elder brother climb a lofty tree and thereupon the tide also submerge the tree .
36 in future my descendant for eighty generation shall serve thee as thy mime in ordinary . one version have dog-man . i pray thee have pity on i . then the younger brother produce the tide-ebbing jewel whereupon the tide cease of its own accord . hereupon the elder brother see that the younger brother be possess of marvelous power and at length submit to serve he . tr .
10 the condense fourth version aston 1896 101-105 mention each tide jewel twice . when thou givest this to thy elder brother thou must recite the following a big hook an eager hook a poor hook a silly hook . after say all this fling it to he with a back-handed motion .
45 those of they which be one fathom long of their own accord say in the space of one day we will accomplish it . the one-fathom sea-monster be accordingly send with he as his escort . then he give he two precious object the tide-flowing jewel and the tide-ebbing jewel and teach he how to use they . he further instruct he say if thy elder brother should make high field do thou make puddle field if thy elder brother make puddle field do thou make high field . in this manner do the sea-god in all sincerity lend he his aid .
49 those of they which be one fathom long of their own accord say in the space of one day we will accomplish it . the one-fathom sea-monster be accordingly send with he as his escort . then he give he two precious object the tide-flowing jewel and the tide-ebbing jewel and teach he how to use they . he further instruct he say if thy elder brother should make high field do thou make puddle field if thy elder brother make puddle field do thou make high field . in this manner do the sea-god in all sincerity lend he his aid .
39 in this manner do the sea-god in all sincerity lend he his aid . now hiko-hoho-demi no mikoto when he return bear follow implicitly the god s instruction and act accordingly . when the younger brother produce the tide-flowing jewel the elder brother forthwith fling up his hand in the agony of drown . but when on the other hand he produce the tide-ebbing jewel he be relieve and recover . after that hi no susorus no mikoto pine away from day to day and lament say i have become impoverished .
50 now hiko-hoho-demi no mikoto when he return bear follow implicitly the god s instruction and act accordingly . when the younger brother produce the tide-flowing jewel the elder brother forthwith fling up his hand in the agony of drown . but when on the other hand he produce the tide-ebbing jewel he be relieve and recover . after that hi no susorus no mikoto pine away from day to day and lament say i have become impoverished . so he yield submission to his younger brother .
29 the nihongi chapter on legendary emperor chūai supposedly r . 192-200 ce and his shamanistic empress jingū r . 201-269 ce combine myth about japanese kanju and manju tide jewel with indian nyoi-ju 如意珠 cintamanus wish-fulfilling jewel .
36 the nihongi chapter on legendary emperor chūai supposedly r . 192-200 ce and his shamanistic empress jingū r . 201-269 ce combine myth about japanese kanju and manju tide jewel with indian nyoi-ju 如意珠 cintamanus wish-fulfilling jewel .
68 aston note that a buddhist term be of course an anachronism in this narrative . in the 8th year 199 ce they sail to tsukushi chikuzen and chikugo provinces and their ship be meet by a kuma-wani 熊鰐 bear shark/crocodile sea-monster with a decorated sakakus tree see tamagushus . both ship encounter problem with divinely-controlled tide and ground in the harbor at oka chikuzen resonate with the tide jewel myth . 8th year spring 1st month 4th day . the emperor proceed to tsukushi .
68 the emperor proceed to tsukushi . at this time kuma-wani the ancestor of the agata-nushi of oka hearing of the emperor s arrival pull up beforehand a 500-branched sakaki tree which he set up on the bow of a nine-fathom ship . on the upper branch he hang a white-copper mirror on the middle branch he hang a ten-span sword and on the lower branch he hang yasaka jewel . with these he go out to meet he at the bay of saha in suwo and present to he a fish-salt-place . in do so he address the emperor say let the great ferry from anato to mukatsuno be its eastern gate and the great ferry of nagoya be its western gate .
24 mizukagami the can . 1195 ce mizukagami 水鏡 water mirror which be a collection of historical tale confabulate the nihongi legend about the tide jewel and jingū conquer the koreans bassett 1885 74 . this text use some different name sāgara 沙竭羅 one of the 8 dragon king for the sea god and koryo 句麗 or koma 蓋馬 for the korean kingdom goguryeo . in the year 200 when the empress jingō 200-269 arrive in korea she take some sea water in she hand and pray from far to the god of kashima in hitachi and kasuga takemikazuchi … .
12 later referenceschinese dragon fight over a jewelprincess tamatori steal ryūjin s tide jewel by utagawa kuniyoshi . the history of the kanju and manju tide jewel continue into the present day long after the myth about hoori s lose fishhook and jingō s invent conquest .
25 later referenceschinese dragon fight over a jewelprincess tamatori steal ryūjin s tide jewel by utagawa kuniyoshi . the history of the kanju and manju tide jewel continue into the present day long after the myth about hoori s lose fishhook and jingō s invent conquest .
0 jewel pearl moon and tide be common motif among indian chinese and japanese dragon ingersoll 1928 de visser 1913 13-14 71 88 107 . the japanese word for pearl shinju 真珠 light . true jewel compare with kanju 干珠 tide-ebbing jewel and manju 満珠 tide-flowing jewel .
34 jewel pearl moon and tide be common motif among indian chinese and japanese dragon ingersoll 1928 de visser 1913 13-14 71 88 107 . the japanese word for pearl shinju 真珠 light . true jewel compare with kanju 干珠 tide-ebbing jewel and manju 満珠 tide-flowing jewel . this kanji 珠 be also pronounce tama cognate with tama 玉 jewel gem jade see above in the name toyotama-hime and below in the next .
40 jewel pearl moon and tide be common motif among indian chinese and japanese dragon ingersoll 1928 de visser 1913 13-14 71 88 107 . the japanese word for pearl shinju 真珠 light . true jewel compare with kanju 干珠 tide-ebbing jewel and manju 満珠 tide-flowing jewel . this kanji 珠 be also pronounce tama cognate with tama 玉 jewel gem jade see above in the name toyotama-hime and below in the next .
45 jewel pearl moon and tide be common motif among indian chinese and japanese dragon ingersoll 1928 de visser 1913 13-14 71 88 107 . the japanese word for pearl shinju 真珠 light . true jewel compare with kanju 干珠 tide-ebbing jewel and manju 満珠 tide-flowing jewel . this kanji 珠 be also pronounce tama cognate with tama 玉 jewel gem jade see above in the name toyotama-hime and below in the next .
34 the japanese word for pearl shinju 真珠 light . true jewel compare with kanju 干珠 tide-ebbing jewel and manju 満珠 tide-flowing jewel . this kanji 珠 be also pronounce tama cognate with tama 玉 jewel gem jade see above in the name toyotama-hime and below in the next .
43 the fable of tamatori-hime 玉取姫 princess jewel taker which be a favorite ukiyo-e subject of utagawa kuniyoshi be a variation of the hoori and toyatama-hime love story . tamatori be supposedly an ama diver who marry fujiwara no fuhito and recover a precious jewel that the sea god steal . the legend of princess tamatori tamatorihime or ama develop around the historical figure fujiwara no kamatari 614-69 who be the founder of the powerful fujiwara clan . upon kamatari’s death the tang dynasty emperor who have receive kamatari’s beautiful daughter as a consort send three priceless treasure to japan in order to comfort his grieving lover by honor she father .
4 manju shima 満珠島 tide-flowing jewel island and kanju shima 干珠島 tide-ebbing jewel island be uninhabited islet in the kanmon straits near chōfu 長府 in shimonoseki yamaguchi . in the 1185 ce battle of dan-no-ura during the genpei war the minamoto genji fleet defeat the taira heike fleet by take advantage of the tide around these two island . in 1943 the manju maru 満珠丸 and kanju maru 干珠丸 etorofu class coastal defense ship be name after the tide-jewel island .
11 manju shima 満珠島 tide-flowing jewel island and kanju shima 干珠島 tide-ebbing jewel island be uninhabited islet in the kanmon straits near chōfu 長府 in shimonoseki yamaguchi . in the 1185 ce battle of dan-no-ura during the genpei war the minamoto genji fleet defeat the taira heike fleet by take advantage of the tide around these two island . in 1943 the manju maru 満珠丸 and kanju maru 干珠丸 etorofu class coastal defense ship be name after the tide-jewel island .
10 several shinto shrine be allegedly repository for the ancient tide jewel . the can . 1335 ce usa hachiman no miya engus 宇佐八幡宮縁起 history of the hachiman shrine at usa note tr . wheeler 2006 521 cf .
32 the can . 1335 ce usa hachiman no miya engus 宇佐八幡宮縁起 history of the hachiman shrine at usa note tr . wheeler 2006 521 cf . de visser 1913 143 the two jewel be keep in the kawakami-no miya of saga district in hizen province . the jewel-of-ebb-tide be white but the jewel-of-flood-tide be blue . each be five sun i .e . chinese cun 寸 in length .
31 the jewel-of-ebb-tide be white but the jewel-of-flood-tide be blue . each be five sun i .e . chinese cun 寸 in length . wheeler 2005 521 cite record that the tide jewel be preserve in the uda shrine around 1185 ce and the kagoshima shrine in 1916 . in addition the Ōwatatsumi-jinja 大海神社 in sumiyoshi-ku osaka and the mekari-jinja 和布刈神社 in moji-ku kitakyūshū purportedly house the original tide jewel . the yasaka shrine in kyoto annually hold the gion matsuri celebrate the legend of jingū use the tide jewel to defeat the koreans .
58 each be five sun i .e . chinese cun 寸 in length . wheeler 2005 521 cite record that the tide jewel be preserve in the uda shrine around 1185 ce and the kagoshima shrine in 1916 . in addition the Ōwatatsumi-jinja 大海神社 in sumiyoshi-ku osaka and the mekari-jinja 和布刈神社 in moji-ku kitakyūshū purportedly house the original tide jewel . the yasaka shrine in kyoto annually hold the gion matsuri celebrate the legend of jingū use the tide jewel to defeat the koreans .
65 wheeler 2005 521 cite record that the tide jewel be preserve in the uda shrine around 1185 ce and the kagoshima shrine in 1916 . in addition the Ōwatatsumi-jinja 大海神社 in sumiyoshi-ku osaka and the mekari-jinja 和布刈神社 in moji-ku kitakyūshū purportedly house the original tide jewel . the yasaka shrine in kyoto annually hold the gion matsuri celebrate the legend of jingū use the tide jewel to defeat the koreans .
28 de visser 1913 141 find strong similarity between indonesian myth from the kei islands and minahassa peninsula and the japanese hoori-hoderus legend . however instead of the tide-flowing jewel the hero of the minahassa legend by his prayer cause the rain to come down in torrent upon his evil friend . several story from the pacific island add andrews 2000:205 involved control the tide with jewel own by the dragon-king who guard they in his palace under the wave .
65 de visser 1913 141 find strong similarity between indonesian myth from the kei islands and minahassa peninsula and the japanese hoori-hoderus legend . however instead of the tide-flowing jewel the hero of the minahassa legend by his prayer cause the rain to come down in torrent upon his evil friend . several story from the pacific island add andrews 2000:205 involved control the tide with jewel own by the dragon-king who guard they in his palace under the wave .
10 baseball field list of baseball park by capacity list of jewel box baseball park list of baseball park use in film and television summary
15 a-lex be available in three version a deluxe digipak with an embossed cover a regular jewel case and on a vinyl gate-fold lp. on january 16 2009 the album be release in its entirety for exclusive listening on last .fm .
48 king david in turn present the sapphire to his sister marjorie bruce . marjorie later marry walter steward with whom she have the later robert ii the first monarch of the house of stewart and namesake of the stewart sapphire . during the interregnum oliver cromwell sell the jewel along with the rest of the british crown jewels . after the restoration the sapphire be return to charles ii of england . the sapphire be record as be part of the stewart relic take by james ii to his exile in france .
6 in 1838 queen victoria have the jewel set into the new imperial state crown at the front below the black prince s ruby . george vi have a new imperial state crown make almost identical to the old one . the stewart sapphire be set in the new crown .
15 list of u.s. baseball stadium by capacity list of terrace at baseball venue list of jewel box baseball parksreference ← – allen county metropolitan ← mid-eastern northwestern | independent →
84 john of england inherit this great estate from king richard i. however philip ii of france act decisively to exploit the weakness of king john both legally and militarily and by 1204 have succeed in wrest control of most of the ancient territorial possession . the subsequent battle of bouvine 1214 along with the saintonge war 1242 and finally the war of saint-sardos 1324 reduce angevin hold on the continent to a few small province in gascony and the complete loss of the crown jewel of normandy .
52 when ask if she take montiel y duarte as she husband lemus move she head to make it appear that she be nod she assent . gaxiola aldana 13 august 2008 . before she burial in mazatlán she body lay in state dress in one of she opera costume and she best jewel . in 1937 she remains be disinterred and bring to the rotunda de hombres ilustres the rotunda of illustrious people in mexico city s panteón de dolores . both mazatlán and san miguel de allende have theatre name in she honour .
37 bermuda grace be a 1994 american television film direct by mark sobel . a comedy thriller it star william sadler and david harewood as a philadelphia and a british policeman who go on the hunt of a jewel thief to the atlantic island of bermuda . it be intend as the first in a series but this be cancel due to poor viewing figure . it also feature serena scott thomas andrew jackson leslie phillips and cliff parisi .
22 mining in the philippines begin around 1000 bc . the early filipinos work various mine of gold silver copper and iron . jewel gold ingot chain calombiga and earring be hand down from antiquity and inherit from their ancestor . gold dagger handle gold dish tooth plating and huge gold ornamet be also use . in laszlo legeza s tantric element in pre-hispanic philippines gold art he mention that gold jewelry of philippine origin be find in ancient egypt .
26 in earlier year rafael work for hitachi europe responsible for the design of consumer electronic product and collaboration with giorgio galli design lab for timepiece and jewel design for brand like timex versace ferragamo and valentino . .
10 invertebrate argyreus hyperbius inconstan australian fritillary butterfly hypochrysops piceatus piceatus jewel butterfly
25 he die in paris where he be bury in the père lachaise cemetery his house have be strip of all the valuable furniture plate and jewel that he have take from wilton more than 30 year previously .
8 alias of vincenzo teora rivière . james rivière jewel be present in private collection and museum . “monolith ” bracelet the louvre museum paris and razionale for pope benedict xvi musei segreti vaticani .
79 at that time a large part of former jiannan territory have be capture by tufan and its ally qiang tribe . yan have cui command an army to attack tufan and it be say that because cui be capable in comfort his soldier the soldier fight hard for he . he be able to recapture four city from tufan and when he return to chengdu yan show his favor to cui by make a wagon with seven kind of jewel to welcome he back into the city .
46 he then let arthur s horse escape so that merlin will be blame . arthur send merlin home for this mistake and appoint cedric in his place so cedric take the key and go down to rob the burial chamber . he attempt to steal the jewel set into the tomb of cornelius sigan and be possess by sigan s spirit . sigan s magic produce a terrifying monster that almost destroy camelot but be stop by a spell the great dragon give to merlin . merlin refuse to abandon arthur and join sigan so sigan leave cedric s body in an attempt to possess merlin s .
60 cornelius sigan portray by mackenzie crook be a legendary sorcerer who live at the time camelot be build . he be eventually execute for his use of evil magic and curse camelot swear to return one day and destroy the city . his fabulous wealth be bury with he and uther have the burial chamber excavate unaware that the glow jewel set into sigan s tomb contain the sorcerer s soul wait to avenge his death . sigan s spirit possess cedric and unleash a deadly creature in the shape of a raven sigan s name meaning raven in the language of the old religion . merlin destroy this creature use a spell the great dragon give he and be then ask to join his power to sigan s .
68 sigan s spirit possess cedric and unleash a deadly creature in the shape of a raven sigan s name meaning raven in the language of the old religion . merlin destroy this creature use a spell the great dragon give he and be then ask to join his power to sigan s . merlin refuse and sigan attempt to possess he but his soul be imprison inside the jewel again by merlin s magic .
2 the yellow-spot jewel be a member of the family lycaenidae . its range consist of eastern australia csiro . 2004 . .
50 as well as spice chess the series include sound chess different object hide in identical sealed box grinder chess a series of tactile drill bit polisher weight chess different weight hide in sealed box nut bolt chess the only know example have be lose jewel chess make from different fake jewel and smell chess different liquid in vial . all of these set be advertise for sale in maciunas fluxus shop in soho march 1965 . all of these set be mention in vacuum trapezoid #5 march 1965 but it be possible that some be never actually manufacture .
67 mérinide dynasty politically fall due to disuse the town of fès preserve its role of the cultural religious spiritual and economic center of the country last through the era when marrakech have become the powerful capital of the country . the mérinide dynasty give all its power to the city by build the rampart the citadel surround the city several médersas universities bath market palate and other jewel of architecture . the large-scale construction of the new fès-el-bali district paint in white illustrate the largely cosmopolitan population which oscillate between six hundred and eight hundred and thousand inhabitant during the xiv and xv centuriy while at the same time of the city like london or paris count less than 50.000 inhabitant follow the epidemic of black death .
86 base on the manga series of the same title by rumiko takahashi the anime be produce by sunrise . the series follow a high school girl kagome higurashi who travel back in time to the sengoku period of japan where she meet a half-demon name inuyasha and learn that she be the reincarnation of a powerful priestess name kikyo . join by a lecherous monk a young fox demon a demon slayer and a demon cat the group seek to find the fragment of the shatter jewel of four souls a powerful jewel that have be hide inside kagome s body and keep the shard from be use for evil include the evil half-demon naraku who slew kikyo fifty year before kagome s arrival . the first season introduce the central character and show the group gathering together .
92 base on the manga series of the same title by rumiko takahashi the anime be produce by sunrise . the series follow a high school girl kagome higurashi who travel back in time to the sengoku period of japan where she meet a half-demon name inuyasha and learn that she be the reincarnation of a powerful priestess name kikyo . join by a lecherous monk a young fox demon a demon slayer and a demon cat the group seek to find the fragment of the shatter jewel of four souls a powerful jewel that have be hide inside kagome s body and keep the shard from be use for evil include the evil half-demon naraku who slew kikyo fifty year before kagome s arrival . the first season introduce the central character and show the group gathering together .
86 base on the manga series of the same title by rumiko takahashi the anime be produce by sunrise . the series follow a high school girl kagome higurashi who travel back in time to the sengoku period of japan where she meet a half-demon name inuyasha and learn that she be the reincarnation of a powerful priestess name kikyo . join by a lecherous monk a young fox demon a demon slayer and a demon cat the group seek to find the fragment of the shatter jewel of four souls a powerful jewel that have be hide inside kagome s body and keep the shard from be use for evil include the evil half-demon naraku who slew kikyo fifty year before kagome s arrival . the first season introduce the central character and show the group gathering together .
92 base on the manga series of the same title by rumiko takahashi the anime be produce by sunrise . the series follow a high school girl kagome higurashi who travel back in time to the sengoku period of japan where she meet a half-demon name inuyasha and learn that she be the reincarnation of a powerful priestess name kikyo . join by a lecherous monk a young fox demon a demon slayer and a demon cat the group seek to find the fragment of the shatter jewel of four souls a powerful jewel that have be hide inside kagome s body and keep the shard from be use for evil include the evil half-demon naraku who slew kikyo fifty year before kagome s arrival . the first season introduce the central character and show the group gathering together .
3 the queen s jewel or the king s jewels when the monarch be male be a historic collection of jewel own personally by the monarch of the commonwealth realm currently queen elizabeth ii . the jewel be separate from but not entirely unlinked to the british crown jewels . the origin of a royal jewel collection distinct from the official crown jewel be vague though it be think that they have their origin somewhere in the sixteenth century .
19 the queen s jewel or the king s jewels when the monarch be male be a historic collection of jewel own personally by the monarch of the commonwealth realm currently queen elizabeth ii . the jewel be separate from but not entirely unlinked to the british crown jewels . the origin of a royal jewel collection distinct from the official crown jewel be vague though it be think that they have their origin somewhere in the sixteenth century .
35 the queen s jewel or the king s jewels when the monarch be male be a historic collection of jewel own personally by the monarch of the commonwealth realm currently queen elizabeth ii . the jewel be separate from but not entirely unlinked to the british crown jewels . the origin of a royal jewel collection distinct from the official crown jewel be vague though it be think that they have their origin somewhere in the sixteenth century . many of the piece be from far away land which be bring back to the united kingdom as a result of civil war coup and revolution .
54 the queen s jewel or the king s jewels when the monarch be male be a historic collection of jewel own personally by the monarch of the commonwealth realm currently queen elizabeth ii . the jewel be separate from but not entirely unlinked to the british crown jewels . the origin of a royal jewel collection distinct from the official crown jewel be vague though it be think that they have their origin somewhere in the sixteenth century . many of the piece be from far away land which be bring back to the united kingdom as a result of civil war coup and revolution .
61 the queen s jewel or the king s jewels when the monarch be male be a historic collection of jewel own personally by the monarch of the commonwealth realm currently queen elizabeth ii . the jewel be separate from but not entirely unlinked to the british crown jewels . the origin of a royal jewel collection distinct from the official crown jewel be vague though it be think that they have their origin somewhere in the sixteenth century . many of the piece be from far away land which be bring back to the united kingdom as a result of civil war coup and revolution .
55 many british monarch have choose to wear tiara diadem and circlet whilst undertake their official duty . due to law that prohibit the crown jewels leave the united kingdom piece from the queen s collection be also wear by the monarch on state visit abroad . unlike the crown jewels of the united kingdom the jewel in the queen s collection be not property of the state but be personal property of elizabeth ii and some other member of the royal family .
13 value the only large scale valuation of the royal family ’s collection of jewel be conduct in 1989 by mr laurence krashes . citation need mr krashes be for sixteen year the senior assessor to harry winston . however mr krashes be deny access to any of the jewel and his valuation of their worth be strictly guess work by an experienced professional .
47 the only large scale valuation of the royal family ’s collection of jewel be conduct in 1989 by mr laurence krashes . citation need mr krashes be for sixteen year the senior assessor to harry winston . however mr krashes be deny access to any of the jewel and his valuation of their worth be strictly guess work by an experienced professional . since the queen have not allow any gemological study of she collection mr krashes describe his attempted valuation of the jewel as “like landing a plane in fog without radar . ” his assessment be base on the cut set and quality of the stone from picture and record .
61 citation need mr krashes be for sixteen year the senior assessor to harry winston . however mr krashes be deny access to any of the jewel and his valuation of their worth be strictly guess work by an experienced professional . since the queen have not allow any gemological study of she collection mr krashes describe his attempted valuation of the jewel as “like landing a plane in fog without radar . ” his assessment be base on the cut set and quality of the stone from picture and record . the fact that these be royal jewel would automatically increase the price if for some reason they be place on the commercial market sometimes reach ten time their worth because of royal pedigree .
56 since the queen have not allow any gemological study of she collection mr krashes describe his attempted valuation of the jewel as “like landing a plane in fog without radar . ” his assessment be base on the cut set and quality of the stone from picture and record . the fact that these be royal jewel would automatically increase the price if for some reason they be place on the commercial market sometimes reach ten time their worth because of royal pedigree . the sale of some jewel of the late countess of snowdon have clearly prove this as fact . however for his valuation of the jewel he do not take this into consideration also price of gold platinum and precious stone have rise dramatically since his assessment .
56 his assessment be base on the cut set and quality of the stone from picture and record . the fact that these be royal jewel would automatically increase the price if for some reason they be place on the commercial market sometimes reach ten time their worth because of royal pedigree . the sale of some jewel of the late countess of snowdon have clearly prove this as fact . however for his valuation of the jewel he do not take this into consideration also price of gold platinum and precious stone have rise dramatically since his assessment .
58 the fact that these be royal jewel would automatically increase the price if for some reason they be place on the commercial market sometimes reach ten time their worth because of royal pedigree . the sale of some jewel of the late countess of snowdon have clearly prove this as fact . however for his valuation of the jewel he do not take this into consideration also price of gold platinum and precious stone have rise dramatically since his assessment .
18 history general history the origin of the collection be in the sixteenth century . unlike the british crown jewel the jewel in the queen s collection be not crown regalia or insignia of state . as such the collection be personal property of the monarch and not state own . most piece in the collection be design for female monarch although some male monarch have also contribute to the collection .
20 history general history the origin of the collection be in the sixteenth century . unlike the british crown jewel the jewel in the queen s collection be not crown regalia or insignia of state . as such the collection be personal property of the monarch and not state own . most piece in the collection be design for female monarch although some male monarch have also contribute to the collection .
64 some of the piece from far away land be bring back to the united kingdom as a result of civil war and revolution . in more recent year the monarch have wear piece of the collection as head of state of she commonwealth realm as the removal of the crown jewels from the united kingdom be prohibit . queen elizabeth can be see wear jewel from the collection in official portrait in she capacity as queen of canada and new zealand see external links . fields 9 .
36 early hanoverian monarch be careful to keep the respective heirloom separate . george iii give half his british heirloom to his bride charlotte of mecklenburg-strelitz as a wedding present . in she will charlotte leave the jewel to the house of hanover . in the meantime the kingdom of hanover pass the salic laws limit inheritance to that throne to heir descend through male only exclude descendant through female . thus victoria come to be queen of the united kingdom but ernest augustus duke of cumberland and teviotdale become king of hanover .
55 thus victoria come to be queen of the united kingdom but ernest augustus duke of cumberland and teviotdale become king of hanover . king ernest demand a portion of the jewellery not only as the monarch of hanover but also as the son of queen charlotte . victoria flatly deny these claim claim that the jewel have be buy with british money . ernest s son george v of hanover continue the dispute . victoria s husband prince albert of saxe-coburg and gotha suggest she buy the jewel of the hanoverian monarch however the parliament of the united kingdom inform the queen that they would neither purchase the jewel nor loan the money to victoria .
40 victoria flatly deny these claim claim that the jewel have be buy with british money . ernest s son george v of hanover continue the dispute . victoria s husband prince albert of saxe-coburg and gotha suggest she buy the jewel of the hanoverian monarch however the parliament of the united kingdom inform the queen that they would neither purchase the jewel nor loan the money to victoria . a parliamentary commission be set up to decide upon the matter and in 1857 they rule in favour of the house of hanover . on
61 victoria flatly deny these claim claim that the jewel have be buy with british money . ernest s son george v of hanover continue the dispute . victoria s husband prince albert of saxe-coburg and gotha suggest she buy the jewel of the hanoverian monarch however the parliament of the united kingdom inform the queen that they would neither purchase the jewel nor loan the money to victoria . a parliamentary commission be set up to decide upon the matter and in 1857 they rule in favour of the house of hanover . on
29 a parliamentary commission be set up to decide upon the matter and in 1857 they rule in favour of the house of hanover . on 28 january 1858 the jewel be hand to the hanoverian ambassador count kielmansegge . fields 9 10
62 queen elizabeth ii inherit the piece directly from she grandmother . the diamond and pearl tiara be almost exclusively wear with the cambridge and delhi durbar parures which also feature large emerald . queen elizabeth ii wear this tiara for she official photograph as queen of canada as none of the commonwealth realm aside of the united kingdom have its own crown jewel .
47 both necklace consist of a single row of large graduated pearl with pearl clasp . the queen anne necklace be say to have belong to queen anne the last british monarch of the stuart dynasty . horace walpole write in his diary queen anne have but few jewel and those indifferent except one pearl necklace give to she by prince george . queen caroline on the other hand have a great deal of valuable jewellery include no less than four fine pearl necklace . she wear all of she pearl necklace to she coronation but afterwards have the fifty finest select to make one larger necklace .
22 paruresbrazil parureelizabeth ii wear the aquamarine tiara with the brazil necklace and bracelet the brazil parure be one of the most modern jewel in the collection . in 1953 the president and people of brazil present elizabeth ii with the coronation gift of a necklace and match pendant earing of aquamarine and diamond . royal collection .
16 the gloucester jewelsintroduction the collection know as the “gloucester jewels ” be mainly the collection of jewel give to princess alice duchess of gloucester upon she engagement . in august 1935 lady alice christabel montagu douglas scott the daughter of the 7th duke of buccleuch become engage to prince henry duke of gloucester . on the announcement of the soon to be marriage wedding gift be pour onto the happy couple .
5 see also garrard co crown jewel of the united kingdom imperial crown of indiareferences bibliography fields leslie 2002 .
16 the album be release in three different format . the standard edition be issue in a jewel case and feature the 10 album track . a deluxe edition feature a bonus dvd with a making of the album documentary . the lp version of the album with different artwork to all other edition .
24 operation intrigue on january 13 1963 be set in hong kong then a british colony . o'toole volunteer to help scotland yard find a jewel thief by go undercover .
16 august 1 2009 the u.s. montenegro business council release an international trade and investment documentary montenegro jewel of the adriatic highlight trade and business opportunity between the united state and montenegro . december 16 2008 the state of maryland establish a foreign trade office in the western balkan headquarter in podgorica through the effort of the u.s. montenegro business council . as a direct result of these effort the state of maryland be the first state of any state in the united states to have a physical presence in the western balkan .
7 u.s. montenegro business council website documentary montenegro jewel of the adriatic documentary montenegro jewel of the adriatic
13 u.s. montenegro business council website documentary montenegro jewel of the adriatic documentary montenegro jewel of the adriatic
0 jewel from the moon and the meteor that could not stay be a 1964 child s science fiction book by canadian author eleanor cameron . it follow the wonderful flight to the mushroom planet 1954 stowaway to the mushroom planet 1956 mr. bass s planetoid 1958 a mystery for mr. bass 1960 and be illustrate by fred h. meise .
59 in late 2006 wynn mcneal livingston and wilder all convene at wilderstyle studio in california to record what would become songs that bang the very first full-length album as the panderers . the lp be self-released worldwide available only from the panderers myspace page on april 25 2007 . each copy have a home-printed understate black and white cardstock jewel case insert with a hand-numbered serial number and be say to have sell a limited 1,000 copy in 19 country in a short time . in order to make it a true limited-edition the panderers stop sell the hand-numbered unit when the serial number reach an even 1,000 and end offer the serialized copy until their next step become apparent .
32 donn a the old razzle dazzle the times september 8 2007 . retrieve october 18 2008 . the necklace form part of winston s court of jewels a nationally tour exhibition of jewel and jewellery include the hope diamond and the star of the east . in 1955 winston sell the necklace to cora hubbard williams of pittsburgh pennsylvania . williams hold the necklace until 1972 when she bequeath it to the smithsonian institution .
3 diddy natalie imbruglia jewel kathy sledge the verve1998
2 ratna mean jewel something precious in hindi...origin from sanskrit
39 the original company be found by joseph h. meyer brothers in brooklyn new york in 1911 . richelieu pearls brochure 1911 . richelieu pearl be popular as an affordable alternative for consumer who be look for inexpensive yet attractive jewel .
40 their cost be about one tenth the cost of genuine pearl . richelieu pearl be make by coating an iridescent foundation with a substance obtain from a fish which live in european river . many coating be necessary before the jewel be complete . girl scintillates in $ 250,000 jewels new york times august 25 1915 pg . 7.
90 the same thing can be say about the building all move structure be still function as the original and nothing have change be replace by new solution or even by modern material . thus we continue to suffer from traditional problem such as leakage of rainwater in some dome in windy night . unfortunately the preservation of work make in 2000 remove the old wiring include that associate with the sign of time connect to all telescope through the electricity table which be a great loss since it be the jewel in the crown of all telescope which be always a subjective statement give the beauty and value out of they all but consider the aol as a house of pure astrometry it give recognition to the work do there due to the meridian circle recital so all that have auxiliary accessory .
41 before luke could begin asch try to interfere but luke grab the key of lorelei and begin the transference . the seventh fonons begin disperse so asch step in to assist he . this little teamwork show that luke have the jewel of lorelei all along as it reveal itself while luke s body be fade like the other replica be . a bright light fill the world as the miasma be completely remove from the surface . with the jewel of lorelei in luke s possession asch leave the group again .
47 this little teamwork show that luke have the jewel of lorelei all along as it reveal itself while luke s body be fade like the other replica be . a bright light fill the world as the miasma be completely remove from the surface . with the jewel of lorelei in luke s possession asch leave the group again . jade suggest that luke get an examination in belkend before continue on . luke say he be ok but jade know better and so luke tell he the truth that he be slowly die .
50 she be also tell his name and that he be work with fon master mohs . she father be none other than badaq or as he be know as now largo the black lion . luke and the other discover from spinoza that they can access auldrant by use the jewel to absorb the seventh fonon at the absorption gate but they also have to go to the radiation gate simultaniously . so luke natalia and guy go to the radiation gate and tear jade and anise go to the absorption gate . when luke natalia and guy arrive they encounter largo and they fight to the death .
42 the movement be three-quarter plate slow train and about the diameter of the modern 16-size pocket watch . the watch case they make themselves from gold and silver . they import from europe many of the dial hand hair spring and balance jewel need for their watch even though they try to avoid use foreign make part . pitkin name the first fifty movement after himself however after that the name h j. f. pitkin be use . they do not engrave the place of their production shop on their watch however the word detach lever be put on the balance bridge .
52 this be particularly obvious amongst the lady attach to the court . etiquette dictate that all these lady regardless of age wear white silk dress with a low decolletage and a red or olive green velvet train with gold embroidery . on their head they wear red or green kokoshnik stud with jewel . sitwell while other woman present be allow colour dress the train and kokoshnik be mandatory court dress .
83 also in fall 756 however li mi and li tan both offend emperor suzong s favorite concubine consort zhang . emperor suzong have be consider create consort zhang empress but as li mi advise he that it be inappropriate to do so before he have a chance to seek the approval of emperor xuanzong whom he honor as taishang huang retired emperor he decide to wait . meanwhile however around this time emperor xuanzong send consort zhang a saddle with seven kind of jewel stud on it as a gift . li mi opine that in the difficult time it would be inappropriate for she to use such a luxurious item and therefore suggest instead that the jewel be remove and reward to those soldier with accomplishment . emperor suzong agree — and li tan publicly praise the decision cause consort zhang to thereafter bear much resentment toward li mi and li tan .
97 emperor suzong have be consider create consort zhang empress but as li mi advise he that it be inappropriate to do so before he have a chance to seek the approval of emperor xuanzong whom he honor as taishang huang retired emperor he decide to wait . meanwhile however around this time emperor xuanzong send consort zhang a saddle with seven kind of jewel stud on it as a gift . li mi opine that in the difficult time it would be inappropriate for she to use such a luxurious item and therefore suggest instead that the jewel be remove and reward to those soldier with accomplishment . emperor suzong agree — and li tan publicly praise the decision cause consort zhang to thereafter bear much resentment toward li mi and li tan . meanwhile in winter 756 after the chancellor fang guan fail to recapture chang an and suffer heavy loss emperor suzong initially want to punish fang but at li mi s intercession do not do so .
51 these may act on their own or be the tool of the character whose hand they fall into . magic item have be prevalent in the game in every edition and setting from the original edition in 1974 until the modern fourth edition . d&d alumni magic items in addition to jewel and gold coin they form part of the treasure that the player often seek in a dungeon . fine gary alan 1983 . .
41 history historian suggest that this temple build around the same time with kalasan temple . the kalasan inscription date 778 ad pranagari script write in sanskirt mention about the temple be erect by the will of guru sang raja sailendravamçatilaka the jewel of sailendra family that succeed to persuade maharaja tejapurnapana panangkaran in other part of the inscription also call as kariyana panangkaran to construct a holy building for the goddess boddhisattvadevus tara and also build a vihara monastery for buddhist monk from sailendra family s realm . panangkaran award the kalaça village to sangha buddhist monastic community . soetarno drs .
49 he state that he fight with quest and gatling in the past . despite his crude unrefined nature graer be show to be quite intelligent and knowledgeable he be the best in the griffin school . in the episode fall of odyssea his worst memory be when he steal jewel and cause a man to get kill because a jewel fall out of his wristband next to the man . he also have a sister who turn out to be like robin-stealing from the rich and give to the poor . be the only one to fly graer usually be use to transport member of the team however his strength be limit so he offten cary anna and way on his back .
59 he state that he fight with quest and gatling in the past . despite his crude unrefined nature graer be show to be quite intelligent and knowledgeable he be the best in the griffin school . in the episode fall of odyssea his worst memory be when he steal jewel and cause a man to get kill because a jewel fall out of his wristband next to the man . he also have a sister who turn out to be like robin-stealing from the rich and give to the poor . be the only one to fly graer usually be use to transport member of the team however his strength be limit so he offten cary anna and way on his back .
8 edward quist have manage to create a real jewel of counter-animation . the visual experimentation be extreme and magnificent and hopefully this effort will become a point of reference over the next few month for other similar publication . dagheisha dagheisha
27 lapidge et al . 1999 . 485-487 . some of the item that woman would commonly entrust or inherit be estate slave livestock household furnishings clothing gold jewel and book . item such as table clothes bed sheet and wall hanging be consider to be the female’s property because they have make they therefore when a husband die item such as these clearly go to the wife .
5 mr. dream machine 1984 the jewel of the sorcerer’s daughter 1983 the passing of the sorcerer 1984 the sounding of the gong as reh smythe 1984
27 el segundo be the story of a wealthy tejano rancher pedro armendariz jr. once upon a time in mexico the mask of zorro who be seek a jewel that will bring he eternal life and how his quest threaten to tear apart the community that depend on he . sam hank jacobs rounders a misfit oil rigger hire to retrieve the jewel bear witness to the passion it inspire and the destruction it leave in its wake as he fall for the rancher s spitfire daughter delicia alana de la garza law order wb be the mountain . it be a story of greed mystery and desire set in the unforgiving brush of southeast texas .
61 el segundo be the story of a wealthy tejano rancher pedro armendariz jr. once upon a time in mexico the mask of zorro who be seek a jewel that will bring he eternal life and how his quest threaten to tear apart the community that depend on he . sam hank jacobs rounders a misfit oil rigger hire to retrieve the jewel bear witness to the passion it inspire and the destruction it leave in its wake as he fall for the rancher s spitfire daughter delicia alana de la garza law order wb be the mountain . it be a story of greed mystery and desire set in the unforgiving brush of southeast texas . also star tejano sing legend carlos guzman .
36 on their search for he sanji follow maya a girl of the island to a village . there zoro appear accompany by a group of marine . zoro wield his sword against sanji and take three jewel ball from maya . luffy stumble upon a training center of the local marine division . there he encounter saga the leader of the center and owner of the seven star sword who make zoro take the ball to revive that sword slumber power .
53 luffy fight he but fall from a cliff . the seven stars sword be that which have ruin the country of asuka with its curse power a long time ago and have therefore be seal . but with a night of a red full moon that occur only once every hundred year the jewel ball in his possession and zoro on his side only the remain straw hats stand in saga s way to revive the sword true power .
34 chapter 6 page 129-146 detail a wide variety of different type of treasure that adventure player character may discover . various type of gem ornamental stone semi-precious stone fancy stone precious stone gem stone jewel hardstone shell and art object be describe in detail .
11 • action pistol have become one of the nra s crown jewel and be renown as one of the world s most spectacular shooting event . hundred of competitor from different country will vie for the title of the nra bianchi cup national action pistol champion . we be look forward to have an outstanding 30th anniversary match .
65 when ash and his friend find damos in their same space they react very negatively at he but damos begin to explain what happen in the past . arceus begin to die after defend the earth from annihilation from a meteor and lose its 16 plate damos help find they and heal arceus . in return arceus detach 5 of its plate to make the jewel of life to make michina rich and fertile . damos claim he have no intention of steal the jewel . he also claim the man in the toga be call marcus .
56 arceus begin to die after defend the earth from annihilation from a meteor and lose its 16 plate damos help find they and heal arceus . in return arceus detach 5 of its plate to make the jewel of life to make michina rich and fertile . damos claim he have no intention of steal the jewel . he also claim the man in the toga be call marcus . brock remember that marcus be present when damos be suppose to give back the plate in the first time dialga send they to by mistake and theorize he may be the mastermind on this .
33 host a dine for sheena marcus be explain to by she damos true intent and he agree to help to stop he . he show an empty staff which he secretly remove the jewel from to sheena and go to the temple with she . in the jail cell a notched-ear pichu befriend by damos give he the cell key so they can escape .
25 ash confront marcus with monferno and grotle but be overpower by his heatran . he then fight marcus physically but fail . marcus drop the jewel and be recover by ash .
98 a large dam be define by the industry as one higher than 15 meter high and a major dam as higher than 150.5 meter . upstream from the exist plant begin with glavaticevo hydro power plant in the nearby glavatičevo village then go even more upstream bjelimići hydro power plant and ljubuča hydro power plant locate near the village with a same name and in addition one more at the neretva headwater gorge near the very source of the river in entity of republic of srpska by its entity government . this if realize would completely destroy this jewel among river so its strongly oppose and protest by numerous environmentalist organization and ngo s domestic . . as well as international wwf world wide fund . . . .
12 # ash of mt . augustine r . vincent 3:29 # precious jewel roy acuff 4:03
15 the member of the ouled nail tribe berber dancer wear incomparable costume and cover by jewel be often represent on maure photograph very appreciate by the tourist .
59 ladder with broad step case in brass give admission to the first floor of the main building . here in a long room be range the tomb of celebrity connect in past time with samding include that of the founder t'inle ts'omo . the latter tomb be a richly ornamented piece of workmanship plate with gold and stud with jewel . at the base on a stone slab be mark the repute footprint of the saint . in a private strongly-barred chamber hard by to which no one may be admit be lay the dried mortal remain of all the former incarnation of dorje p'agmo .
76 mulmaster be a city on the continent of faerûn lead by the high blade the de facto ruler of the city selfaril uoumdolphin . after year of actively oppose it the city finally join the zhentarim . now firmly entrench in the zhent power base and with a new temple to bane be erected there the city that once stand as a bulwark against the spread of the zhent stain be now one of the proudest jewel in fzoul chembryl s new banite-influenced zhentarim .
16 # title new sentimentality tour edition # label white noise records hk # format enhanced cd jewel case # catalog # wn1001
14 the museum house a collection of traditional sundanese weaponry as well as the crown jewel and other finery .
18 # soak up the sun sheryl crow/jeff trott 3 26 # performed by sheryl crow # stand still jewel kilcher 4:30 # performed by jewel # hand clean alanis morissette 3 52
53 he torture patient by insert all of his limb into their mouth and polish their tooth slowly . apparently he remove kagura s lower molar three year ago but do it as slow as he could so he could see kagura writhe in pain . he keep one of they as a crown jewel of sort and carve it obsessively . he meet his end when saiga blow his head off with his prized tooth lay beside his lifeless hand . he be voice by shiro gō in the original japanese version and by r. bruce elliott in the english version .
14 the child believe that mr goon have solve the mystery before they as the jewel thief be arrest . however a pearl necklace they steal be miss . the mystery be not over and fatty and the other rack their brain to try to work out where the gang could have hide the necklace .
33 namiki precision jewel co. ltd. 並木精密宝石株式会社 namiki seimitu houseki kabushiki-gaisha be a japanese component manufacture company base in tokyo japan . the company be found in 1939 as a manufacturer of synthetic sapphire jewel bearing for electrical measuring instrument . namiki supplies industrial jewel part dc coreless and dc brushless motor multifunctional vibration component precision gearhead medical equipment watch exterior part and other precision component . namiki key fact retrieve on august 04 2009
43 namiki precision jewel co. ltd. 並木精密宝石株式会社 namiki seimitu houseki kabushiki-gaisha be a japanese component manufacture company base in tokyo japan . the company be found in 1939 as a manufacturer of synthetic sapphire jewel bearing for electrical measuring instrument . namiki supplies industrial jewel part dc coreless and dc brushless motor multifunctional vibration component precision gearhead medical equipment watch exterior part and other precision component . namiki key fact retrieve on august 04 2009 products jewel parts
14 namiki key fact retrieve on august 04 2009 products jewel parts namiki supplies industrial jewel part such as jewel bearing diamond cantilever watch exterior part and sapphire wafer which be make of in-house produce synthetic sapphire . recently they develop sapphire step wafer with a height of each step be 0.22 nanometer which be expect to be use as the height standard sample for spm and immobilization plate for observe biomaterial . control of nano-step structures on sapphire wafer surface by focused ion beam processing in japanese .
23 the king s daughter the virgin cercyra have watch these holy apostle be torture and turn to the christian faith distribute all she jewel to the poor . the king become angry and put she in prison yet she would not deny christ . so he have the prison burn but she remain unharmed .
23 the king s daughter the virgin cercyra have watch these holy apostle be torture and turn to the christian faith distribute all she jewel to the poor . the king become angry and put she in prison yet she would not deny christ . so he have the prison burn but she remain unharmed .
51 the journey be record in november 2001 – august 2002 in zen studio brasília and include new tune and rebuild version of song write since the beginning of the band . all the song be create by marcelo barbosa and bruno wambier . there be some progressive metal song like spiritual jewel with some links and allusion to dream theater and classical progressive band of 1970 s like yes and metal hit song like vampire wrong words thunderstorm and the title track the journey . accord to thiago sarkis whiplash .net observer the journey play the same part in brazil like images and words of dream theater be for prog metal worldwide .
42 the current winner be jewel selver who be crown miss turks and caicos universe 2008 during the final of the pageant hold at the turtle cove marina in blue hills dock on august 4 2008 . turks and caicos sun . . jewel selver . .
42 production development since the successful of korean blockbuster drama jewel in the palace reach a final peak 50 rating point and top the chart in hong kong in 2005 hong kong have be wait for another breathtaking production to the likes of jewel in the palace . after in 2004 the highly successful tvb drama series war and beauty grip a huge audience and gain excellent rating . producer mui siu ching who be highly familar to this type of darker-plot with she experience in drama such as forensic heroes and the brink of law move straight to commission this drama production which genre to costume series revolve around the conflict and struggle within the inner palace | tavia yeung charmaine sheh s palace maids a series of unfortunate events .
78 the nazi version of the story begin with the coronation of karl alexander duke of württemberg heinrich george a man much beloved by his people who swear an oath to obey the law of the dukedom . unfortunately the duke do not have sufficient fund to buy coronation gift for the duchess hilde von stolz and so he send a loyal retainer to frankfurt to borrow money from oppenheimer . oppenheimer show the go-between a cabinet full of jewel and jewelry item that be obviously beyond the duke s means and then say that it would be his honor to provide the duke with jewelry at a substantial discount . however to do so he must be allow to bring the item to wurttemberg . the law prohibit jew from enter wurttemberg but the duke provide oppenheimer with a pass that grant he entry .
35 a german audience in 1940 would have recognize several basic nazi stereotype in the portrayal of jews and jewish culture there be the early scene in which oppenheimer be show to possess a fortune in jewel and jewelry . in another he tell an innocent german girl that his home be the world reflect the nazi stereotype of jew as rootless wanderer in contrast to the germans love of their german homeland . several conversation between jewish character perpetuate the nazi line that jew be inherently hostile to non-jew .
29 outer clothing and furnishings of woven silk brocade and velvet be ornament with gold and silver embroidery in linear or scroll pattern apply bobbin lace and passementerie and small jewel . arnold 1985 pp . page
30 but the most notable characteristic that distinguish these portrait from those of leonardo be the overall sense of serenity which even the close attention to the material of clothes and jewel which draw one s attention to the couple s wealth be unable to attenuate . every element even those of secondary importance work together to create a precise balance .
0 jewel
20 history will rogers gardens be list on the national registry of historical places . originally one of the four “crown jewel ” at the old outer edge of oklahoma city the site remain a community garden with historic dedication to horticultural display and area of formal design .
51 he be give the kaizer stone by hellstinger and unlock its property of transformation . he be irrational but care of those around he not many know what he be think and he be very unpredictable with unsurpassed bravery . his kaizer form be a crimson red armor with a green jewel on his forehead and in his chest . he possess the initial power of fire slash which he kick from his boot . but when enraged in defense he can summon a powerful fiery dragon .
50 main article social impact of thong underwear in the late 1990s and early 2000s some people wear thong with low-cut hipster and deliberately expose they over the top of their trousers . this lead to many design of thong intend to be wear in this manner which be adorn with jewel and motif on the back . however this practice subsequently fall out of fashion and be replace by the wear of lower-riding thong that hardly show above trousers even when bend or twist . this be because some woman decide it be tacky and inappropriate to expose thong so much and opt to dress less tastelessly and more modestly .
40 the whisky be bottle in porcelain flagon produce by wade procelain incorporate the image of robert the bruce and bear a gaelic motto which translate as ‘fidelity stability since 1801’ the flagon be available in three colour inspire by the jewel in the coronation crown sapphire ruby and emerald .
57 the princely couple also have custody of the empress eugenie and the yellow moon of baroda diamond . when baroda be integrate into the newly independent india the government be appal to find that the baroda treasury have be loot . the indian official be eventually able to recover some of the item but some of the jewel have be transfer to the maharani s ownership . she have some of the jewel reset to make it more difficult for india to reclaim they . # 2 tribune india august 13 2006
54 when baroda be integrate into the newly independent india the government be appal to find that the baroda treasury have be loot . the indian official be eventually able to recover some of the item but some of the jewel have be transfer to the maharani s ownership . she have some of the jewel reset to make it more difficult for india to reclaim they . # 2 tribune india august 13 2006
34 the duchess wear this to a 1957 new york ball that be also attend by sita devi . when other guest be admire the necklace . the maharani be hear to exclaim that those jewel look just as nice on she foot . the embarrassed duchess return the necklace to harry winston . internetstones.com
73 she continue to live in grand style drink baron de rothschild’s bordeaux rearrange she louis xvi furniture and attend exclusive party . when travel she bring along a large wardrobe report to be a thousand sari hundred of pari of shoe and of course she jewelry . the maharajahs by john lord 1971 random house isbn 0394461452 but she finances be eventually exhaust enough for she to secretly auction some of she beloved jewel in 1974 . time magazine jan . 20 1975
38 stella vine education notes modern art oxford 2007 . retrieve 31 january 2009 . the work know as the lily series 2005 include portrait of the star leave the london restaurant the ivy bathing in van cleef arpels jewel and read the novel beyond good and evil in designer clothes and perfume before the character overdose .
30 . 2003-03-19 . . earnhardt have win seven winston cup championship over 70 cup race and 32 other race at daytona international speedway but have never win nascar s crown jewel . up front most of the race earnhardt dominate the final 60 lap and clinch victory one lap early when a caution come out on the final lap . earnhardt be greet on pit road by nearly the entire nascar brother then veer into the infield tri-oval grass to do a burnout .
14 into the rush aly aj 2005 rent original soundtrack 2005 goodbye alice in wonderland jewel 2006 major lodge victory gin blossoms 2006 hannah montana 2/meet miley cyrus hannah montana 2007
56 in 1513 he be already a thriving merchant and lay the foundation of the great wealth for which he be famous . in that year he receive from the king henry viii a remission of custom for five year in repayment of a loan to the crown . he deal largely in wool and also import jewel and other foreign article for which cardinal wolsey be one of his principal customer . dictionary of national biography article bonvisi antonio .
49 his friend on the trail henry harvey keitel get kill after a few day try to fight white bull who steal back the horse . all the while a group of rich impetuous white traveler get attack by a group of indians . after white bull take all the jewel and gold-hewn hand-mirror from the group of white traveler pike be still intent on save his white stallion not the white traveler although he be not even aware of they . a group of man plan to save they . white bull set trap for the man .
8 the hairpin may be needlelike and encrust with jewel and ornament . it often may be more utiliarian—designed to be almost invisible after be insert into the hairstyle .
1 the jewel and ornament on the hair pin add as a hair jewelry piece . in many culture hairpin be use with jewelry for many of occasion . for instance in american culture woman predominantly use hairpin as a jewelry accessory at wedding ball and other major event .
5 mona lisa with string fantasista jewel of the madonna the windmills of your mind with art farmer the ballad of the sad young man with art farmer
48 like the mesostoinae a small subfamily endemic to australia some doryctinae be know to form gall on plant . in general however they be koinobiont as be usual for braconidae . the food of the koinobiont doryctinae larva be most often the larva of wood-boring beetle such as jewel beetle buprestida on which the wasp larva feed as ectoparasitoid . other species parasitize lepidopteran butterfly and moth or symphytan sawfly larva . several doryctine wasp be of economic importance as biocontrol agent e.g . against eucalyptus pest .
82 21 2009 the song prayer receive its live debut at the band s concert at uka 2009 in trondheim norway on october 19 a concert which serve as a release party for the new album . official gorgoroth forum beyond the dark horizon interview with infernus the album be well receive upon its release earn high mark in magazine such as metal hammer uk and rock hard . the first press of the cd version of the album be package as a jewel case and include a limited edition slipcover and also a patch of the cover artwork and band logo . osmose productions cd info it be also announce that it would be release on regular 12 vinyl by regain records . news official gorgoroth website
21 zettai shougeki platonic heart 絶対衝激〜プラトニックハート 〜 be a series of five japanese original video animation base on people fight for a jewel that can grant any wish the platonic heart . anime news network . 2008-07-07 . .
23 himawari-gumi 1st stage itoshisa no defense 1st unit himawari-gumi 2nd stage koi no jelly bean 1st unit team k 4th stage gomen ne jewel team k 5th stage ai no iro
93 princess cantacuzène remain in st . petersburg during world war i in which prince cantacuzène serve as aide-de-camp and later major-general and finally general in the service of tsar nicholas ii . he serve with distinction and be wound in battle in 1914 as commander of the south russia cossacks in 1915 he lead 15,000 man in what have be call the last great cavalry charge against a fortified position in military history . the family leave russia in the aftermath of the russian revolution in 1917 they escape from petrograd with she jewel sew into she clothing and escape via finland to the united states . the couple move to washington d.c. and attempt to attract support for a counter-revolution in russia but after news of the assassination of the tsar and of his brother grand duke michael alexandrovich of russia end their activism . the couple relocate to sarasota florida join the firm found by she aunt bertha palmer .
85 as golg their earthman guide lead they past the opening to bism the traveler look down into it and make out a river of fire where salamander swim alongside grove and field of many color not unlike a stain glass window . lewis describe bism as a place of beauty for the gnome who desire to reach it as much as rilian and his companion want to reach the overland . golg describe the live riches of bism as far outstripping the dead gold and jewel that overlander find in their shallow mine . rilian be tear with desire to see this land but the rift between underland and bism be about to close and the gnome hurry to be on the correct side . rilian and his companion escape to the surface through the tunnel dig by the earthmen .
8 m magatama 勾玉 or 曲玉 a comma shape jewel often use as a yorishiro . maidono 舞殿 see kaguraden . massha 末社 very small subordinate shrine similar but below to sessha .
14 shintai 神体 light . divine body . a sacred object usually a mirror a jewel or a sword which represent the kamus for worship . shrine english word which translate several more specialized japanese word see article shinto shrine . any structure housing enshrining a kami .
38 taisha-zukuri 大社造 the oldest style of shrine architecture use for example at izumo taisha and think to resemble that of ancient habitation . tamagaki 玉垣 the fence delimit the sacred soil of a shrine . tamagushi 玉串 literally jewel skewer . a form of offering make from a sakaki-tree branch and strip of paper silk or cotton . temizuya 手水舎 a fountain near the entrance of a shrine or at a buddhist temple where worshiper can cleanse their hand and mouth before worship .
88 the alliance begin through partnership with ethnic and cultural organization establish at the cultural connections program at the field museum in the the center for cultural understanding and change ccuc . the alliance bring together ethnically ground organization in order to build relationship amongst the ethnic community in chicago as well as assert their existence to the wider public . kerstin lane the first alliance board president describe the reasoning behind the creation of the organization a lot of people in chicago have no idea there be little jewel of ethnic museum all over the city . when these museum can go out and tell the city state and other ‘we exist ’ then each of they will be strengthen .
10 geology museum gezira center for modern art kasr qasr el-gawhara jewel palace manyal palace military museum cairo
37 jesús malverde el rey de sinaloa be kill in mexico and make his way into local folklore . ensign chester nimitz begin a career in submarine warfare take command of the uss plunger the preakness stakes second jewel of the triple crown of american horseracing return to maryland and the pimlico racetrack after have be run since 1890 in new york . bud rogner tales of delmarva and other places iuniverse 2002 p126
15 breda be the capital city of the baronial fief that have once be the crown jewel in the dutch estate of the nassau family in the habsburg netherlands before the war start . frederick henry have therefore a personal interest in recapture the city and its surroundings .
90 a poor girl name angelica lisa russo treat as a servant by she wicked foster mother and two foster sister dream of find both love and she miss mother with only a blue locket as a clue to the mother s identity . at the same time an upper-class boy name william mark thompson-ashworth board with his nanny susan spafford who lament the loss of she daughter year ago and his secretary gaston jacques stany . other passenger include the gold-digging winnie a banker name jeremy mcflannel edmund purdom a jewel thief name corynthia meanstreak she two henchman kirk and dirk clive riche and doug meaxin a detective name sam bradbury and molly pat starke a gorgeous singer . also board in the cargo hold be a group of animal include a family of yiddish mouse some goose a dog name fritz greg snegoff a magpie name hector and a band of mexican mice .
0 jewel of india be say who to be direct by rob cohen director of fast and the furious 2001 stealth 2005 the mummy tomb of the dragon emperor 2008 . citation need
2 the crown jewel of the piraeus works be the royal wagon build in 1888 as a present to king george i of greece . the luxurious vehicle be so admire that an entire engineering project be organize in order to transport and present it in the 1888 olympia fair hold in zappeion . it survive to date exhibit in the railway museum of athens .
15 22k gold battle ax wind rotor . four mainspring barrel in parallel . number of jewel 81 all functional . number of part 376 include jewel .
18 four mainspring barrel in parallel . number of jewel 81 all functional . number of part 376 include jewel .
5 william of orange pledge his jewel for the defense of his country . contact soon become more direct . william of orange send ambassador to the ottoman empire for help in 1566 .
14 looney tunes tweety bird the magic school bus dorothy ann princess gwenevere and the jewel rider spike cleo sugar rayman the animated series betina redwall cornflower
80 naranbhai grow to be one of the biggest industrialist of his time in india . such be his reputation that when sayajirao gaekwad the erstwhile maharaja of baroda state need to borrow money for his education while in england he be grant a loan only when he provide reference of naranbhai keshavlal his subject from petlad of the baroda state . surprise by the popularity and generosity of an industrialist from his state sayajirao confer the title of rajratna or jewel of the kingdom to naranbhai immediately upon his return from england . the n. k. high school of petlad where personality include sardar vallabhbhai patel the first deputy prime minister of india study have be name in honor of his contribution to the school and the town .
61 the observer note that the book ... challenge our intellectual assumption at almost every point . desmond morris in the world of books bbc say that for every decade we live we will find another meaning in each story . the sunday times call it an astonishingly generous and liberating book ... strikingly appropriate for our time and situation ... a jewel fling in the market-place .
8 # 無情麻薬 # clear（new rec ver ） # jewel
10 lullaby be the seventh studio album by american country/pop singer-songwriter jewel release in the united states on may 5 2009 by fisher price records . it be she first-ever independent release . lullaby release and media tour
6 promotion in support of the album jewel have or will appear on live with regis and kelly the tonight show with jay leno today the bonnie hunt show and more .
2 the official jewel of alpha gamma kappa be the white pearl . it be often use to adorn the fraternity s badge .
7 villa il gioiello villa il gioiello the jewel be a villa locate in florence on via del pian dei giullari 42 famous for be one of the residence of galileo galilei which he live in from 1631 until his death in 1642 . it be also know as villa galileo not to be confuse with the other home of galileo find in florence which be in costa san giorgio as well as a villa in bellosguardo .
77 the name gioiello be give due to its favorable position in the hill of arcetri near the torre del gallo . it be an elegant home surround by many acre of farmland with a separate house for worker . it be record in the cadastre of 1427 to have be own by tommaso di cristofano masi and his brother who later pass it on to the calderini family in 1525 where it be first mention as the jewel . the villa and its estate suffer damages during the siege of florence in the year 1529 and 1530 whilst the entire area of arcetri and pian dei giullari be occupy by imperial troops . calderini i sell it shortly thereafter to the cavalcanti family who rebuild the home with its original simple line preserve its elegant look to the present day .
32 a precocious and vibrant infant . while technically newborn she character have mature and grow more intelligent during she stay in the series . she possess a palpable lust for shiny object jewel and precious metal and brand-name goods . she emulate she mother in she utterly stubborn pursuit of handsome young man who catch she eye . in she family she be an icon of adoration and annoyance cause trouble she cannot be blame for give she infantile innocence . .
37 the tube also have cap on they . the tube be usually make of metal or ceramic but bamboo and other container have also be find . the tube be bury with ancient mirror coin sword and jewel and be bury with dehumidification substance like charcoal . the sutra tube be often bury in sacred place such as mountain summit and on the grounds of shinto temple . occasionally they be bury underground or above ground and stone hut be build to enshrine their contents .
37 the play contain a number of contemporary cultural reference include terry wogan as a prime time interviewer michael parkinson in the 1980 original script russell harty richard claydermann margaret thatcher s tax policy 1985 version only the jewel in the crown 1985 version only the video nasty controversy .
6 65 you be meant for i jewel lizardqueen11 08/15/09
85 the museum of printing house in the former hôtel de la couronne explain how lyon’s first book be print . square in many case decorate with fountain and church sprinkle throughout evoke the presence of numerous convent include those of the dominicans jacobins the celestines and the conventual franciscan cordelier whose saint bonaventure church be rebuild in the 14th century . further south the saint martin d’ainay church in the ainay area be originally the abbey-church of a large benedictine abbey and be still a jewel of romanesque art in lyon . the place des terreaux be create in the 17th century owe to the construction of two prestigious structure
59 nehru zoological park this zoo be a natural habitat housing a large variety of animal bird nocturnal species aquatic and amphibian species . locate close to this be the mir alam sagar which be propose to be convert into an aquarium along the line of sentosa singapore . its unique feature be the 21 in-built masonry dam that be jewel shape which be build in 1806 by the then prime minister mir alam . ntr gardens this leisure spot be locate beside the imax theatre . situate on acre 0 m 2 of land adjoin the hussain sagar these garden provide of entertainment and recreation to family and youth alike .
28 for their perfect cohesion between music and image their work in association with pierre michel be unanimously greet . their fruitful meeting give birth to fire flower a jewel which demonstrate the equality of music and image by combine they in a project where the artistic quality prevail .
24 jimmy hide in rice’s room and find lola’s jewelry there . he then take rice to chan . rice explain that he have the jewel but do not kill lola . before he can tell chan who do the light go out and he be shoot .
40 after hear of alfredo’s conversation with lola helen learn lola be go to elope . realize that lola be go to leave and escape justice helen kill she . when rice walk in on the act she offer he the jewel to keep he quiet and later shoot he . chief souto then arrest helen and take she to jail . jimmy ask to take lilly back to honolulu with he but chan tell he he have be draft in the united states army .
11 ludisia be a genus of orchid commonly refer to as a jewel orchid .
0 jewel box latd>90 in latd<-90 in latm<0 in lats<0 in longm<0 in longs<0 in
48 elizabeth danvers his mother an italian prodigeous part for a woman . have hear my father mother say that she have chaucer at she finger end . a great politician great witt and spirit but revengeful know how to manage she estate as well as any man understand jewel as well as any jeweller . very beautiful but only short sighted . to obtain pardon for she sonnes she marye sir edmund carey cosen-german to queen elizabeth but keep he to hard meate .
7 recording evelyn scotney s recording include the jewel song from gounod s faust music australia catalogue it can be hear here
52 they murder their teacher together and fight each other for possession of the lian cheng swordplay manual . after he learn the secret of the treasure he kill wan and yan in cold blood in front of di yun . however he become insane eventually after come into contact with the curse jewel .
49 qi fang fall for his lie and give up on di yun and marry he instead . he conspire with his father to seize the lian cheng swordplay manual and kill his wife when she discover their conspiracy . he become insane after come into contact with the curse jewel at the end of the novel .
54 he resort to cannibalism and sustain himself by eat the corpse of his mate . after he escape from the snowy valley together with di yun and shui sheng he accuse they of commit an immoral act and force they to be separate . he become insane after come into contact with the curse jewel at the end of the novel .
43 wang xiaofeng 汪嘯風 the cousin of shui sheng and one of the member of the ling jian shuang xia 铃剑双侠 . he attempt to save shui sheng from xuedao laozu but fail . he become insane after come into contact with the curse jewel at the end of the novel .
42 he be cruel and sadistic by nature . he spread poison over his deceased daughter s coffin to lure ding dian into a trap and capture he to claim the reward . he become insane after come in contact with the curse jewel at the end of the novel .
40 jenny jewels be show to battle together and be pop star singing sister . jenny be the one with purple hair and jewels have aqua green hair . also jenny s guardian bakugan might be an aquos siege and for jewel a subterra centerploid . kasuke and takashi two young brawler who only show in episode 9 and 52 . they promise mew their cousin that they will find she brother .
33 in this catacomb he find ten gem of power . unfortunately the bandit slay everyone else include his fiancée ilona . all the raider leave behind be his fiancée s ring with the jewel pluck from they . the mandarin use these as the setting for his power jewel . the mandarin of this continuity be much more alter by the power of the ring he develop pointy ear claw-like fingernail enhanced musculature and his skin turn emerald-green .
38 unfortunately the bandit slay everyone else include his fiancée ilona . all the raider leave behind be his fiancée s ring with the jewel pluck from they . the mandarin use these as the setting for his power jewel . the mandarin of this continuity be much more alter by the power of the ring he develop pointy ear claw-like fingernail enhanced musculature and his skin turn emerald-green . the cartoon version of the mandarin be serve in his villainy by justin hammer as well as by several supervillain like blizzard blacklash dreadknight hypnotia grey gargoyle whirlwind live laser and modok but follow the cartoon s adaptation of the dragon seed storyline the mandarin s servant be capture and his ring scatter across the world .
41 the collection consist of some 4,500 volume in greek coptic arabic armenian hebrew slavic syriac georgian and other language . st . catherine s have a rich history indeed . so rich that it be a sparkling example of an undiscovered jewel of travel . it have be call the oldest work christian monastery and the smallest diocese in the world . the chapel of the burning bush be originally order build by empress helen the mother of constantine the great but the monastery itself be actually build by emperor justinian to protect the monk in the region and to honor the site of the burning bush .
54 axworthy p.8 in response nader shah agree to withdraw but mohammad shah pay the consequence in handing over the key of his royal treasury and lose even the peacock throne to the persian emperor . the peacock throne thereafter serve as a symbol of persian imperial might . among a trove of other fabulous jewel nader also gain the koh-i-noor and darya-ye noor diamond koh-i-noor mean mountain of light in persian darya-ye noor mean sea of light . the persian troops leave delhi at the beginning of may 1739 . nader s soldier also take with they thousand of elephant horse and camel load with the booty they have collect .
46 the mastercard international global headquarters be an office building locate at 2000 purchase street in the town of harrison new york that be construct in the early 1980 as part of a movement of large corporation to suburban estate setting and have be call the architectural jewel of westchester . tucker william 1977-08-07 . .
47 find kuru absent owing to his duty as a servant alex command diva to invite he . in the choa that follow food and drink go fly until the party be bring to an abrupt end by omar while kuru be absent from his post outside a jewel from anala s headdress be steal . kuru be set to be imprison until anala break protocol and touch he with she trunk and grant he the royal favour anala grant kuru his one wish and he be pardon — but now there be a thief out there who can get to alex s world .
60 the change get thing heat and j.b. quit alex and marcus perform together at the cafe someone not me but when the chance of success finally come — alex be face with a decision to use magic and a choice between the future of the band and she friend . in manjipoor vashan be resolutely try to find anala s jewel so he can get to alex s world . diva surprise he by produce the jewel from under a cushion . vashan and diva try to work out how to use anala s jewel to get to alex s world .
68 alex and marcus perform together at the cafe someone not me but when the chance of success finally come — alex be face with a decision to use magic and a choice between the future of the band and she friend . in manjipoor vashan be resolutely try to find anala s jewel so he can get to alex s world . diva surprise he by produce the jewel from under a cushion . vashan and diva try to work out how to use anala s jewel to get to alex s world . but when kuru return to alex s world from manjipoor the jewel get transport with he
44 in manjipoor vashan be resolutely try to find anala s jewel so he can get to alex s world . diva surprise he by produce the jewel from under a cushion . vashan and diva try to work out how to use anala s jewel to get to alex s world . but when kuru return to alex s world from manjipoor the jewel get transport with he vashan blame diva of be a traitor .
43 diva surprise he by produce the jewel from under a cushion . vashan and diva try to work out how to use anala s jewel to get to alex s world . but when kuru return to alex s world from manjipoor the jewel get transport with he vashan blame diva of be a traitor . he say that she know to operate the jewel since she be in possession of the jewel from the time it be steal .
32 but when kuru return to alex s world from manjipoor the jewel get transport with he vashan blame diva of be a traitor . he say that she know to operate the jewel since she be in possession of the jewel from the time it be steal . diva argue by say she have hide it in the forest and when she come back it be still there . so they conclude that the jewel will come back to they and it do after kuru return .
40 but when kuru return to alex s world from manjipoor the jewel get transport with he vashan blame diva of be a traitor . he say that she know to operate the jewel since she be in possession of the jewel from the time it be steal . diva argue by say she have hide it in the forest and when she come back it be still there . so they conclude that the jewel will come back to they and it do after kuru return .
50 he say that she know to operate the jewel since she be in possession of the jewel from the time it be steal . diva argue by say she have hide it in the forest and when she come back it be still there . so they conclude that the jewel will come back to they and it do after kuru return .
29 alex agree releuctantly but on a condition that cosma must be back by midnight . but when they return — they be not the only traveller use anala s jewel vashan and diva journey with they undetect . a masked vashan cut in on marcus and dance with alex alex realise his disguise and all mayhem break loose when vashan turn marcus into a real wolf turn he against she . kuru be inform of vashan s arrival by cosma and when he reach there vashan turn his magic upon he and he crumple .
52 when anala disappear vashan be also pull with she thus thwart in his attack . alex manage to take control of the situation by cook up a story to marcus and kuru also revive by that time . alex and kuru manage to thwart vashan in his attempt — but with the jewel still in his possession alex s world be no longer safe .
1 courtroom jewel
58 marcus feel there be something go on between alex and kuru when he see they consult about vashan . it do not help when amanda and j.b. then help to conceal kuru s departure — apparently there be secret the other all share except he in manjipoor vashan pre-empt kuru s damaging report and discover anala s miss jewel in omar s desk omar be put on trial before the council of elders . alex argue omar s case but lack evidence to prove his innocence .
47 while edit the video clip however j.b. discover some compelling footage . alex and kuru bring a dvd player to manjipoor and show the council of elders the video where alex get transport to the ledge . it be prove that vashan be in possession of the jewel because he be able to get into alex s world . vashan argue but the council of elders agree with alex . omar be pardon and vashan promptly vanish . marcus meanwhile still have reservation about alex s secret activity .
79 pretty much the same as plot 1 until you get to level 8. on level 3 if you stun one of the scientist and take their item you get a purple keycard . jake use this to open one of the gas chamber talk to one of the hybrid and be give another key that look something like a blue flame . jake use this on the gas chamber and the same or another hybrid give he a blue jewel . when on level 8 he go into a side passage and use this gem to get into a room . the alien queen telepathically talk to jake and tell he she need his help .
10 trademark cd release on the label often abandon the traditional jewel case manner of packaging garcia stephanie june 14 2009 . the hook . . retrieve july 13 2009 .
26 only the finest tea bud be hand pick . after harvesting if the leaf be roll out before dry as usual the result will be gyokuro jewel dew tea . however if the leaf be lay out flat to dry they will crumble somewhat and become know as tencha 碾茶 . tencha can then be de-veined de-stemmed and stone ground to the fine bright green talc-like powder know as matcha .
5 cat be recognise as the jewel in the crown of the british biotechnology industry and during the latter year of its existence be subject to acquisition speculation .
37 working in 18 and 22 ct gold gage’s work be characterise by its striking design and colourful use of precious stone . hand make exclusively in the uk elizabeth still use traditional technique . she work include jewel for both man and woman such as ring necklace bracelet earring pin and cufflink
5 hari kothi be a colonial jewel construct in the traditional himalayan technique of ‘dhajji’ and be one of the oldest building in the region .
18 a float red box of french fry sport a van dyke beard dental brace and a mystic blue jewel embed in his back contain the power of a thousand sun give he the ability to fly and hover .
5 when a woman break she jewel box 옥합을 깨뜨릴 때 okhabeul ggaedeuril da be a 1971 south korean film direct by kim soo-yong . it be award best film at the blue dragon film awards ceremony . internet movie database . .
3 a shimmering blue jewel set in a ring of snowy peak .
31 all be desperately poor but tonight the balalaika close early the popovs be host their friend to celebrate the russian new year . wear court dress and paste copy of the jewel they sell to survive they gather to jest at their poverty and mourn the land they will never see again .
14 in the plot premise of the original series magical girl lyrical nanoha 2004 21 jewel seed highly destructive artifact from another dimension be accidentally scatter across earth . after nanoha assist an injured extradimensional magician in collect they she be draw into a magical battle against a female mage name fate testarossa who come to earth to collect jewel seed for she mother precia . attract by their activity the interdimensional police tsab time-space administration bureau intervene to secure and seal the artifact .
79 the year 1968 be a key date in the life of j. bilbao because he be invite by the director of the basque studies program of nevada reno the young anthropologist wa douglass who have open a year before the center . among his academic duty be teach a history course as a teacher of basque country basque studies and especially the establishment of the foundation of the basque collection the best library in the basque diaspora . this jewel of the special collection of unr be largely the result of deliberate effort silent and bibliographer of the self if in 1968 the library of the bsp have about 3,000 volume in 1980 year of retirement for j . bilbao this figure rise to around 25,000 entry . moreover in the summer of 1970 publish in the editorial auñamendi donostia lasa estornés of brothers the first of ten volume of his eusko bibliographia project cover some 400,000 entry and the publication of which will last several year 1970 1977 .
4 harry orr hans herren jewel plummer cobb lifetime achievement in education award tim berners-lee young innovator award marc hannah young innovator award
0 jewel of darkness formerly the middle-earth trilogy be a trilogy of text adventure game by level 9 . the individual game be initially release separately in 1983 . they feature some theme inspire by the book of j. r. r. tolkien and so become know as the middle-earth trilogy .
17 capa lakota beaver spirit căpcăun romanian large monstrous humanoid carbuncle latin america a small creature with a jewel on its head catoblepas medieval bestiary scale buffalo-hog hybrid cat sidhe scottish fairy cat
24 003 “thugs and lovers ” 6/10/35 to 12/19/35 004 “st . louis blues on the road to mandalay ” 12/20/35 to 4/23/36 005 “a jewel of a woman” 4/24/36 to 8/24/36
3 drosera neesius the jewel rainbow department of environment and conservation government of western australia . . erickson rica . 1968 .
10 the first ground owe to a predominance of ratna or jewel be call ratnaprabha . similarly the second owe to a predominance of sarkara or gravel be call sarkraprabha . the third owing to a predominance of valuka or sand be call valukaprabha .
60 but after king ranger arrive and kill bara goblin keris assume she true buxom form as she enlarge and capture king ranger before take into she domain . she then use bara king to capture little girl in order to make they she new pet after splice they with animal dna . however she want dorin to be the crown jewel in she collection . however an eagle hinder keris from capture dorin at the cost of its life as the ohranger arrive to the girl s aid . enlarge into she true form keris trap ohranger robo in a electrified cage until king pyramider free it with ohred save the girl before call in red puncher .
22 at the beginning of 2009 he complete the hundred sonnet for the second selection of poem . each sonnet as a singular jewel solve its respetive theme into concentrical divulgation of its wave .
27 plot summary the revelry of an upscale halloween party be shatter by gunshot as two armed robber attempt to fleece the well-to-do patron of their money and jewel . a diminutive cloaked figure step out of the crowd of reveler . in a brief display of superhuman power the figure effortlessly kill the two robber despite be shoot repeatedly .
17 rei hamon 1919-2008 be one of new zealand s foremost landscape artist . in 1976 his lithograph jewel of okarito be present to queen elizabeth ii by the new zealand government on the occasion of a state visit .
33 the invincible six be a 1970 american-iranian adventure film direct by jean negulesco and star stuart whitman elke sommer curd jürgens and ian ogilvy . six international criminal attempt to steal the crown jewel of iran .
43 adventure on the wheels of steel be a 3cd compilation album by grandmaster flash and the furious five and grandmaster melle mel . it be release in 1999 on the castle music label and be a box set contain three cd in slimline jewel case together with a fold out insert .
93 in exchange for his help ianulea let he on his secret identity and promise to reward he . he explain whenever you hear that the devil s get into a woman a wife or a girl whatever no matter the place where they live and no matter what station in life they have you should know it be about i that they be talk . you go right away to the respective house for i will not leave the woman until you chase i out ... naturally that see you cure their precious jewel they will offer you a reward .
14 she run so well that she connection decide to enter she in the second jewel of america s defacto filly triple crown the black-eyed susan stakes . two item limit be the third choice at 3-1 on the morning line in a strong field of just five other stake winner . two item limit take a van ride from belmont park to pimlico race course in the early hour of the morning that friday of the race .
64 john veitch could not dismiss his colt and his ability because of the way that he close strong at the end of the derby . he also have three very good excuse as to why he get behind so early the poor break be bump and very wide around the turn so veitch decide to wheel he back in three week into the second jewel of the triple crown . like many re-match the three top finisher of the derby take most of the public support in the grade one preakness stakes at pimlico race course . brian s time be a luke warm 7-1 at post time .
55 his familynoble man philipp count de vismes . he be the son of noble man philipp de visme who be qualify of count of vismes the nobilities of europe by melville h. ruvigny and brother of gerard de visme .esq les destinée d une famille rolande delguste 1996 who be great administrator of the crown jewel and diamond mine of brazil the yale edition of horace walpole s correspondence
14 architecture the structure be consider treasure trove of culture treasure trove of culture a jewel amongst the many antique ponce mansion that have be preserve and convert into museum . the building possess elaborate neoclassical detail a majestic roof-top gazebo and a full set of original and custom-made catalan modernist furniture . there be also well-preserved shower and bathroom fixture .
55 the design of the devil hole where the musket be place could not be see by the invader trap then in a lethal ground . although no one seem to have experience this deadly trap test do with cattle in the late eighteenth century confirm the usefulness of the idea . recently the battery a jewel of the crown in the military architecture history be rebuild after year of neglect .
32 one enter the rectangular compound of the gompa through a gate chorten with prayer wheel . as well as the usual depiction of protective deity there be a goat s head fill jewel and prayer card with om mani padme hum write on they . schettler 1981 p . 152 .
11 theme the cardboard player board and the main board with the jewel be colour in strong earthy colour on a black and red background with the simple clear motive theme after african or australian aborigine culture feature animal find in the jungle and on the savanna . jewel make of translucent colourful plastic be use as prize .
47 theme the cardboard player board and the main board with the jewel be colour in strong earthy colour on a black and red background with the simple clear motive theme after african or australian aborigine culture feature animal find in the jungle and on the savanna . jewel make of translucent colourful plastic be use as prize .
16 each player to manage to cover up the shape in time receive the right to take jewel from the main board . where the player can take jewel from depend on his/her rank among the player to complete their shape . then the player card be redistribute for the next turn .
27 each player to manage to cover up the shape in time receive the right to take jewel from the main board . where the player can take jewel from depend on his/her rank among the player to complete their shape . then the player card be redistribute for the next turn .
12 at the end of the game the player who have the most jewel of a specific single colour win the game .
1 a jewel block be a device on sailing ship through which the halliard be rove . biddlecombe g. 1990 . the art of rigging .
38 for russia the region of the liaodong peninsula be of particular interest as one of the few area in the region that have the potential to develop ice-free port . hess christian a. 2006 . “ from colonial jewel to socialist metropolis dalian 1895--1955.” ph.d. dissertation university of california san diego p . 17 . these rivalry come to their first armed conflict during the sino-japanese war of 1894-1895 which result in japan’s resounding defeat of qing china a contest that involve a battle over the port of lushun later call port arthur near what would become dalian or dalny .
7 hess christian a. 2006 . from colonial jewel to socialist metropolis dalian 1895-1955 . ph.d. dissertation university of california san diego . perrins robert john 1998 .
0 jewel and binoculars be a bootleg album by bob dylan . it be release in 2000 and be the most complete audio documentation of the 66 world tour available to this day with 26 disc in all . it include as many performance as could be find include audience recording and line recording .
58 the inner box contain 13 unique slip cover that hold two disc each. the huge booklet that come with this set have transcription of the radio broadcast press conference and eat the document . it also include a load of other article about dylan . all of the disc in the jewels and binoculars collection come in double jewel box except disk 25 26 which come in a cardboard sleeve that resemble a gatefold vinyl record jacket .
26 posterity meres die on 19 februaary 1735 and be bury at kirby bellers . his effect in london be sell by auction in may 1736 inclus jewel plate five picture and mathematical instrument . the bulk of his estate pass to thomas whichcot son of george whichcot mp for lincolnshire and his sister francis katherine meres . part of his estate be sell under the authority of a private act of parliament pass in 1773 .
15 about this time he marry a young wife joan who die without child and whose jewel be steal by alice perrers edward ii i’s mistress who also steal the king’s ring from his finger as he lay die . he appeal to the king for their return but they could not be trace and it be not altogether surprising that he return to scotland soon after .
112 at this stage young puttana venkataramana raju lose his father shri puttana raju and defy his elder brother and decide not to join the family business instead he pour all his energy into his study and excel in his final exam from the hindu high school triplicane 2 . his elder brother decide to distract young puttana venkataramana raju from further study and arrange for he to be marry to venkatamma from the panaganti clan of soma vamsha arya kshatriyas . however young puttana venkatramana raju see through this ruse within a short time and turn the situation to his advantage he collect the jewellery of his wife promise to return the jewel to she later and utilise the proceeds to buy the best engineering book and instrument secure admission on merit into the college of engineering guindy madras 3 and settle into the hostel much to the annoyance of his brother . he stand first in class and be award the gold medal from the college of engineering guindy madras 3 in the civil engineering discipline . on account of his brilliant academic record he qualify for the indian service of engineers 4 and be offer a direct position of assistant executive engineer rather than junior engineer as be the normal practise .
64 in the novel the abandon grimm castle be an early 20th century replica of the larger glagnorra castle in scotland locate along the spring valley road . it be build to full scale by wealthy chicagoan arnold grimm as a wedding gift to his wife but prove impractical as a home be drafty and difficult to heat and be abandon . a group of jewel thief take up residence in the massive remote structure . a diagram of the grimm castle by isobel read be feature in the novel .
15 about homelessness article feature dan schulman dan schulman photo sir richard branson dan schulman photo jewel dan schulman photo flavor flav
110 norman geraldine ‘crowning glory of the andes ’ the independent on sunday 18 june 1995 the crown have a long history of use in the holy week celebration in popayán until in the early decade of the 20th century papal permission be seek to sell it and dedicate the fund raise to charitable purpose . permission be give in 1914 but the seller the confraternity of the immaculate conception la cofradía de la inmaculada concepción do not find a buyer until 1936 when an american syndicate lead by chicago businessman warren j. piper purchase it . at the time mr. piper say the crown would be break up and individual jewel sell off but this do not happen . instead the crown be exhibit sporadically over the next few decade notably at detroit in 1937 when general motors use it at the unveiling of their new chevrolet range 225,000 people be say to have view it on that occasion some 15 % of the city s then population . it be also display at the new york world s fair of 1939 and in 1959 at the royal ontario museum .
72 in assembly in the great hall professor von raffenberg who fenella and griselda have previously think have do a runner with the bell present the bell to miss crotchet . however he put a pair of earmuff on when miss crotchet ring the bell cause everyone to freeze completely still . clarice who have go to get a drink of water find miss crotchet s pearl in a sack full of other jewel and valuable and go into the great hall find everyone stick still . after sign language from sybil clarice put cotton wool into she ear cause she to wake up .
7 popular contemporary neckline include assymetric bateau halter jewel off-the-shoulder portrait scoop sheer square strapless sweetheart and v-neck . the neckline refer to the shape of the material at the top of the dress as it fall on the neck and shoulder .
0 jewel a plain slightly rounded neckline without a collar . also know as the t-shirt neckline the jewel neckline be round and sit at the base of the throat .
17 jewel a plain slightly rounded neckline without a collar . also know as the t-shirt neckline the jewel neckline be round and sit at the base of the throat .
37 he pray to the god for their favour . he recount the numerous time he have fight shoulder to shoulder with they in their incessant war against the demons . kartikeya relent and give pururavas a crimson jewel and ask he to rub a particular creeper in his grove with it . when the king do so urvashi be free .
43 the label be world-renowned for the design and packaging of its album cover . this be profile in a 2006 in an exhibition in florence . it be interesting to note that while newer cd release frequently use o-sleeve that cover the traditional jewel box the inlay card never use two-sided printing or clear tray .
43 among the most valuable item bring by tibetans or more frequently nepalese be conch shell with their whorl turn to the right . they be highly value and use in the monastery as trumpet tib . yä-chyil dung-kar and be class among the jewel . one of they could sell for from four to five hundred tael . the chinese also place a high value on they .
24 southport botanic gardens be a botanical garden situate in the suburb village of churchtown southport in merseyside england . it be often call the jewel in the crown as it be nationally know for the floral display which have be feature in the bbc s tv program gardener s world .
1 synopsis jewel courage borden reject a suitor hamilton whom she think be a chauffeur in favor of a man she think be a millionaire . it transpire that the role be in fact reverse hamilton be the millionaire and the other man a chauffeur . jewel be crush but manage to do well for herself in business until she and the real millionaire find themselves reconcile .
34 in the 1980s he do many production like stag l'affair c.dorian tom jackson and successful proyect like solid stranger and other participation with boo who straight flush y broken dream now consider disco music jewel .
64 in ikaw ay malikot(film |ikaw ay malikot jewel the sweet and tangible girl is accomapny by she cousin jane and lianne to work on their grandfather s burial while she naughty cousin rjay and martin be start to be naughty . in the next day rjay start ruin their life after know that love autopsy memeber be involve in his toy s death . jewel later meet she apprentice martin and they also ruin rjay s life when jane and lianne levave the house because of the reason that the they sacrifice will make peace to their other cousin. in the end they all out of the room to start their new life .
79 sunlight in his painting rake across the panel accentuate small bit of detail in the golden light . in large atmospheric panorama of the countryside the highlight on a blade of meadow grass the mane of a tranquil horse the horn of a dairy cow reclining by a stream or the tip of a peasant s hat be all catch in a bath of yellow ocher light . the richly varnished medium refract the ray of light like a jewel as it dissolve into numerous glazed layer . cuyp s landscape be base on reality and on his own invention of what an enchanting landscape should be .
39 brendan hurry to the school to let collins fiancee bob miles martin in on this news . in order to protect collins job and reputation hoolick must continue the charade and he accompany aunt nancy to school . the jewel thief follow they in order to retrieve the steal diamond .
26 along the way hoolick fall in love with collins although she still think of he as a little boy . eventually the thief retrieve the steal jewel and a chase ensue . in the end the jewel thief be capture and hoolick s identity be reveal .
36 along the way hoolick fall in love with collins although she still think of he as a little boy . eventually the thief retrieve the steal jewel and a chase ensue . in the end the jewel thief be capture and hoolick s identity be reveal .
43 report by newspaper weasel word reveal that marstini be engage to katz . she claim to have not see he for a week . the victim be know to carry large amount of money and may have be in possession of the crown jewel of russia . the gem disappear follow the assassination of czar nicholas ii and his family . aside from jewel katz be think to have be wealthy from large profit in real estate and sale of liquor .
39 the victim be know to carry large amount of money and may have be in possession of the crown jewel of russia . the gem disappear follow the assassination of czar nicholas ii and his family . aside from jewel katz be think to have be wealthy from large profit in real estate and sale of liquor . police surmise that his murder be the act of an underworld figure who be seek revenge . citation need
119 apparently withhold a portion of the crew s share mason disappear after stop at an uninhabited island in the indian ocean . coates later suspect to have murder mason assume command of the ship stop at st . mary s island near madagascar along with the 16-gun nassau in october 1692 # jacob before return to new york . upon their arrival in april of the following year coates arrange a deal with governor fletcher to pardon their former act of piracy as well as assure no interference from new york authority against further attack in exchange for $ 1,800 which would be divide between the governor and other colonial official as well as present fletcher s wife with jewel silk and cashmere shawl .
28 pixel s bonded unicorn be nova flame s mother and thunder s wife . pixel have the innate ability to solve problem and figure thing out . through jewel he also have the ability to control fire and air find and call .
39 once he rule the diadem though he find he could not leave jewel without give up his power . so he set about his plan . he create a great machine call the analog to represent the diadem with jewel for each world set in a large orb . bound within the world-jewel be the soul of magic user from these world . score helaine and pixel be the last three and when he try to take they they reverse the spell binding sarman to the jewel
60 he create a great machine call the analog to represent the diadem with jewel for each world set in a large orb . bound within the world-jewel be the soul of magic user from these world . score helaine and pixel be the last three and when he try to take they they reverse the spell binding sarman to the jewel
2 dondar center jewel
31 while grow up in woodruff south carolina rice play high school football for woodruff high school under coach willie varner . rice enter notre dame in 1986 and be the crown jewel in holtz s first recruiting class . these incoming freshman be also the first to be bind by the ncaa rule of proposition 48 which state that in order to participate during his or she freshman year an athlete must 1 be a high school graduate 2 have a high school grade point average of 2.0 in an 11-course core curriculum and 3 have score 700 out of a possible 1600 on the sat or 17 out of a possible 36 on the act. if he or she fail to meet those standard the athlete would not be allow to play or practice with a college team his or she freshman year .
14 the holy crown of hungary image # 2 sceptre image # 2 the crown jewel image
18 in early november edmonton play host to the canadian final rodeo and farmfair . this be the crown jewel in canada s rodeo circuit and second only to the national finals rodeo in las vegas in prestige . calgary s world-famous stampede be a stop on the qualifying circuit for this million dollar event .
20 resurrection love 1984 b-side to man from russia single slither 1984 b-side to man from russia maxus single my twisty jewel 1984 b-side to atomic lullaby single kill the pig 1984 b-side to atomic lullaby maxus single
13 horrie packer trophy horrie packer memorial mixed netball match one of the crowning jewel event during the year originally a mixed-doubles tennis match between the lutheran teachers college student and the alc pastoral ministry student it become a mixed netball match . now it be a match between the alc student and the boarder .
7 there have be donation of gold and jewel make by various king ruler and patron to the temple include the maharaja of pudukottai shri sethupathy the emrald jewel still adorn the deity the british etc .
27 there have be donation of gold and jewel make by various king ruler and patron to the temple include the maharaja of pudukottai shri sethupathy the emrald jewel still adorn the deity the british etc .
40 34 a profligate son who have command over decho and siroger . his father be a member of the government counsel . murdered 456 countless innocent via heavy industrial machines in a specialized game they set up with a rare jewel . deleted by dekawing cannon . his name be an anagram of the name carnegie
59 she be soon assign the task of kill yaiba for his betrayal though she be unable to do it . in task 48 on the way out of the country along gekkou shizuka help souta to discover his own treasure . half a year later she become an active precious thief again attempt to steal one of pachacamac s jewel from scrtc which have she end up in get involve in a bout between the boukengers and gekirangers until bouken silver take the jewel from she force she to retreat . it seem souta have a crush on she which be evident whenever he mention about marry she . she design be base on ninja sentai kakuranger s kakure daishogun while she super-form resemble super kakure daishogun .
83 she be soon assign the task of kill yaiba for his betrayal though she be unable to do it . in task 48 on the way out of the country along gekkou shizuka help souta to discover his own treasure . half a year later she become an active precious thief again attempt to steal one of pachacamac s jewel from scrtc which have she end up in get involve in a bout between the boukengers and gekirangers until bouken silver take the jewel from she force she to retreat . it seem souta have a crush on she which be evident whenever he mention about marry she . she design be base on ninja sentai kakuranger s kakure daishogun while she super-form resemble super kakure daishogun .
64 they destroy it with daivoyager drill shovel . it be base on chouriki sentai ohranger s gunmajin . cosmic kenpō master pachacamac xii 宇宙拳法の使い手パチャカマック１２世 uchū kenpō no tsukaite pachakamakku jūnisei the villain of juken sentai gekiranger vs. boukenger pachacamac xii be an evil descendant of pachacamac the first master of cosmic kenpō 宇宙拳法 uchū kenpō who be defeat by brusa ee give he two jewel that would unlock the secret of cosmic kenpō within the darkness pathway ruin in south america . though seal on planet isla pachacamac xii be release by sakura as he take she body as his own force satoru to the steal the red jewel from scrtc and while he go after the blue jewel from confrontation beast hall receive additional aid from rio and mele who he later put under his control once he gain his ancestor s full power . pachacamac s fight move include comet crash 彗星激突 suisei gekitotsu and planet serial wave 惑星直列波 wakusei chokuretsuha use the second set of arm to create a super powerful energy orb .
100 it be base on chouriki sentai ohranger s gunmajin . cosmic kenpō master pachacamac xii 宇宙拳法の使い手パチャカマック１２世 uchū kenpō no tsukaite pachakamakku jūnisei the villain of juken sentai gekiranger vs. boukenger pachacamac xii be an evil descendant of pachacamac the first master of cosmic kenpō 宇宙拳法 uchū kenpō who be defeat by brusa ee give he two jewel that would unlock the secret of cosmic kenpō within the darkness pathway ruin in south america . though seal on planet isla pachacamac xii be release by sakura as he take she body as his own force satoru to the steal the red jewel from scrtc and while he go after the blue jewel from confrontation beast hall receive additional aid from rio and mele who he later put under his control once he gain his ancestor s full power . pachacamac s fight move include comet crash 彗星激突 suisei gekitotsu and planet serial wave 惑星直列波 wakusei chokuretsuha use the second set of arm to create a super powerful energy orb . destroy by the teamwork of ultimate daibouken with zuban s help gekirintohja wolf and gekifire .
110 it be base on chouriki sentai ohranger s gunmajin . cosmic kenpō master pachacamac xii 宇宙拳法の使い手パチャカマック１２世 uchū kenpō no tsukaite pachakamakku jūnisei the villain of juken sentai gekiranger vs. boukenger pachacamac xii be an evil descendant of pachacamac the first master of cosmic kenpō 宇宙拳法 uchū kenpō who be defeat by brusa ee give he two jewel that would unlock the secret of cosmic kenpō within the darkness pathway ruin in south america . though seal on planet isla pachacamac xii be release by sakura as he take she body as his own force satoru to the steal the red jewel from scrtc and while he go after the blue jewel from confrontation beast hall receive additional aid from rio and mele who he later put under his control once he gain his ancestor s full power . pachacamac s fight move include comet crash 彗星激突 suisei gekitotsu and planet serial wave 惑星直列波 wakusei chokuretsuha use the second set of arm to create a super powerful energy orb . destroy by the teamwork of ultimate daibouken with zuban s help gekirintohja wolf and gekifire .
87 valmont first conspire with shendu to acquire all the talisman then this time involuntarily since he be accidentally possess by shendu to free the demon sorcerers . he later make other appearance on the show mostly serve as a minor villain since his fortune and criminal empire crumble after the demon sorcerer incident and the talisman hunt . by season three valmont be homeless and poor and become interested in commit robbery to rebuild the dark hand such as take control of tohru to rob a rare jewel for this purpose . he appear in season four in one episode where he put on one half of an onus mask . later however he rip it off as he can not control it he toss it aside for a box of diamond but inadvertently get wrap up and ship to mexico instead .
49 eventually he find out that the monk want he to learn the way of peace . ice be against this and he and his cohort dj fist and mc cobra be kick out for bad behavior . they seek revenge against the monastery by attack it and steal a jewel that turn into a laser weapon that go on a person s arm . the chan with the help of finn ratso and chow defeat ice and his posse . later he and his two crony become drago s dragonized henchman and strikemaster ice become drago s second-in-command .
86 it star jim varney and be the ninth film to feature the character of ernest p. worrell . it be re-released october 31 2006 by mill creek entertainment as part of the dvd box set ultimate ernest and essential ernest collection with the ernest film festival also know as ernest s greatest hit volume 1 1986 and ernest s greatest hit volume 2 1992 which be originally release on vhs. in the movie deacon county ohio resident ernest unknowingly come into the possession of some steal jewel and be kidnap and bring to africa where he must rescue the woman he love .
41 he be turn down by she because she want to date somebody more adventurous . ernest decide to buy she a gift to show that he really care for she . he go to a flea market where he buy 2 jewel unaware that they be the eyes of igoli steal from the sinkatutu tribe in africa by a runaway man name mr. rabhas who be be chase by 2 henchman of prince kazim . he be corner by the man but rescue by a man name thompson bartlett and his strong african bodyguard bazu . threatening to kill he if he do not tell so he can steal they himself rabhas reveal where he stash the eye of igoli .
49 in 1989 st . mary s episcopal church be list in a guide to florida s historic architecture publish by the university of florida press . the listing quote from frank lloyd wright s book the aesthetics of american architecture in which he write saint mary s be a jewel create in the purest tradition of the gothic revival . it survive today wirh its pure line intact its muted color untouched . purity it be without a blemish .
25 moll be now in on the plan and aim to help they . she play on the viol and sing . she then see the jewel but only comment on they rather than steal they .
60 suṣama-suṣamā during the first ara of suṣama-suṣamā of the avsarpini the age of the people be three palyopama year . they take their food on every fourth day they be very tall and devoid of anger pride deceit gree and other sinful act . various kind of the kalpa tree fulfil their wish and need like food clothing home entertainment jewel etc . suṣamā-during the second ara suṣamā the people live for two palyopama year . they take their food at an interval of three day but the kalpa tree supply their want less than before .
40 the ruin around the city be over three hundred year old . a citadel that be construct 250 year ago and serve as a caravansaraus for decade have be transform into a prison in the last 30 year . many jewel and treasure have be discover around the town . in ancient time the town be actually by the persian gulf . however receding water have push the coastline 100km south to where the city of bushehr be today .
46 rule the game may be play in either a short or long version . in the former the first player to successfully escape with not just steal any one of the crown jewels win in the latter whichever player have the greatest total value of crown jewel as denote on the board after they have all be steal be the winner . the player with st . edward s crown win if there be a tie .
43 the player who roll the seven may choose to move the full seven square or may move anywhere from one to six square and then move another player the remain square . a game in progresssteal the crown jewels to steal a crown jewel a player must move to the white tower and land on a square corresponding to a crown jewel while possess at least one burglary tool . the player then reveal their tool with no duplication . on the follow turn the sum of the value of the tool will be subtract from twelve and the player will attempt to roll a sum equal to or greater than the difference and will continue to roll on turn follow if he be not initially successful .
67 the player then reveal their tool with no duplication . on the follow turn the sum of the value of the tool will be subtract from twelve and the player will attempt to roll a sum equal to or greater than the difference and will continue to roll on turn follow if he be not initially successful . more than one player may attempt to steal a jewel at any give time . when a jewel be steal all player concurrently attempt to steal that same jewel forfeit their burglary tool to the tower card deck . player may exit the white tower and return for another attempt as many time as they like no matter how many jewel they have .
65 on the follow turn the sum of the value of the tool will be subtract from twelve and the player will attempt to roll a sum equal to or greater than the difference and will continue to roll on turn follow if he be not initially successful . more than one player may attempt to steal a jewel at any give time . when a jewel be steal all player concurrently attempt to steal that same jewel forfeit their burglary tool to the tower card deck . player may exit the white tower and return for another attempt as many time as they like no matter how many jewel they have .
76 on the follow turn the sum of the value of the tool will be subtract from twelve and the player will attempt to roll a sum equal to or greater than the difference and will continue to roll on turn follow if he be not initially successful . more than one player may attempt to steal a jewel at any give time . when a jewel be steal all player concurrently attempt to steal that same jewel forfeit their burglary tool to the tower card deck . player may exit the white tower and return for another attempt as many time as they like no matter how many jewel they have .
60 more than one player may attempt to steal a jewel at any give time . when a jewel be steal all player concurrently attempt to steal that same jewel forfeit their burglary tool to the tower card deck . player may exit the white tower and return for another attempt as many time as they like no matter how many jewel they have .
2 player with jewel on their person cannot pass a yeoman warder unless they present a disguise card or the warder be not at post . if a yeoman warder be summon to a post a player be on that player be send to the bloody tower . once a player have escape to the ferry all jewel be secure for the remainder of the game that player return to the start their tower card and coin be return and they be deal six new tower cards .
56 player with jewel on their person cannot pass a yeoman warder unless they present a disguise card or the warder be not at post . if a yeoman warder be summon to a post a player be on that player be send to the bloody tower . once a player have escape to the ferry all jewel be secure for the remainder of the game that player return to the start their tower card and coin be return and they be deal six new tower cards .
9 attack and combat one player may attack another for jewel and money if they be on the same square . do not draw a raven card . on the same turn the attacker select and place face down a combination of weapon and armor though this may only be use in defense and the defender will do the same .
29 player then reveal their card and the one with the highest score of weapon win . the defender win if there be a tie . the winner claim all jewel and money for he or herself and the loser go to the hospital . if the winner obtain a second coin the extra coin be send to the deveraux tower . no player can have multiple coin .
16 the jewelsother version outrage be also available in a “deluxe” version . this set feature handcrafted jewel of genuine precious metal and stone be the most expensive board game in the world at £7995 approximately $ 15,000 us . the board game company additionally outrage be available in a travel version .
16 french rule over malta be short-lived and within two year the maltese islands and their crown jewel the grand harbour have pass into the hand of great britain . an english gentleman who accompany abercrombie’s expedition to egypt in 1801 wrote
40 to salvage the wreck the real eight diver originally use a dredge and suction ap­paratus only later do they adopt the use of a propwash-blower know as a “mailbox” develop by their subcontractor mel fisher . eventually they find gold jewel chinese porcelain silverware gold and silver ingot and as many as 10,000 gold cob of the mexico peru and colombia mint and mostly in encrusted cluster well over 100,000 silver cob of all denomination .
3 carrot top chicago jewel tony bennett sammy hagar
31 vestakia s attempt to discover the hopefully last enclave of the shadowed elves via telepathic communication with the crystal spider be still fruitless . the only clue she have receive be jewel and water . the prolonged communication open she mind even further than before and she begin to see glimpse of she father the demon prince zyperis s mind while she be asleep. finally the crystal spider manage to convey an image of giant xaique-piece .
7 returning visitor call it europe s hidden jewel
20 eric also encounter the thief black fox and steal his possession . black fox later show up look for the jewel . o'grady however have already sell they to a pawn shop . the two work together get the $ 150,000 back and splitting the proceeds with o'grady keep 15 percent .
56 the winston million be a cash prize award program on the nascar winston cup series base on the grand slam concept . from 1985-1997 r.j. reynolds tobacco company the title sponsor of nascar s premier circuit at the time offer an award of $ 1 million for any driver who win three of the four crown jewel on the schedule . from 1998-2002 the award program be reorganize into the winston no-bull 5 which offer up to five $ 1 million bonus during select race to qualified driver . as a result of r.j. reynolds ceasing title sponsorship of nascar after 2003 and in the wake of the ferko lawsuit the entire grand slam be discontinue and be no longer recognize .
18 the grand slam the nascar winston cup now the sprint cup have long since establish the four crown jewel of the schedule . such race be as follow daytona 500 know as the richest race on the circuit hold in february at daytona international speedway
44 he have be in contention much of the race and finish 5th . incidentally from mid-1991 to mid-1992 davey allison win three of the four race but it be accomplish over two season . he sit as defend champion of three of the crown jewel at once in a similar fashion to the tiger slam but never win the southern 500 . in 1996 dale jarrett have a chance to win the million . he win at daytona and charlotte and finish 0.22 seconds short of win at talladega he finish 2nd to sterling marlin .
4 the four established crown jewel on the circuit be experience worthy competition . in 1994 the inaugural brickyard 400 at the indianapolis motor speedway be hold and for several year actually dethrone the daytona 500 as the richest race of the season . the event at richmond international raceway be also fast become popular fan and driver favorite .
37 it should be note the spring race at darlington now carry the monikor of southern 500 be officially the continuation of the rebel 500/transouth 500 and be not and have never be consider one of the crown jewel .
35 vivier design shoe for christian dior from 1953 to 1963 . in addition to the stiletto heel he also experiment with other shape include the comma . he use silk pearl bead lace appliqué and jewel to create unique decoration for his shoe .
11 in the 1960 vivier also design silk-satin knee boot outline in jewel and thigh-high evening boot in a black elastic knit with bead . his most iconic design the pilgrim pump with silver buckle wear by catherine deneuve in the film belle de jour receive international publicity and many imitation .
60 henry pease establish the saltburn improvement company to help create his vision of the town which be largely unchanged today . the town be clothe in hundred of tonne of distinctive white brick make in a factory in durham and transport to saltburn via railway both own by the pease family . the zetland hotel be say to be the jewel in his crown . teddy s nook be the house that he have build for his own occupation close to the hotel .
42 the 1997 version be direct by rodney gibbons and write by peter liapis . it star michele greene as joanna winters bruce dinsmore as dan winters steve railsback as jack derby and kathleen kinmont as dorothy liddell . in this thriller a jewel thief s mistake during a diamond robbery force he to stash the loot at the crime scene where he leave a female executive for dead . in order to finish the heist however the crook must avoid an insurance adjuster and an enraged husband set off a string of murder and betrayal . synopsis by sandra brennan at allmovie.com
39 45 east 66th street be the site of a red-and-white french gothic 10-story apartment house complete in 1908 for charles f. rodgers as design by architect harde short . gray christopher . streetscapes 45 east 66th street for a jewel on the east side a loving facade restoration the new york times october 16 1988 . accessed august 20 2008 . 45 east 66th street new york architecture images .
15 # it be not just an experiment # an uncomfortable déjà vu # wild idiosyncratic jewel
4 tymethe show zenarchus a jewel he steal during his encounter with the mysterious young lady . he say he hope to use the jewel to gain knowledge of the lady s identity . mazeres and the tyrant enter unnoticed and observe from a corner .
23 tymethe show zenarchus a jewel he steal during his encounter with the mysterious young lady . he say he hope to use the jewel to gain knowledge of the lady s identity . mazeres and the tyrant enter unnoticed and observe from a corner . amphridote enter and kiss tymethe .
14 amphridote enter and kiss tymethe . the tyrant be enrage . amphridote notice the jewel steal from the lady and ask tymethe to give it to she as present . tymethe give it to she but make she promise to keep it hide . they kiss .
34 the tyrant summons amphridote and scold she for carry on with a beggar tymethe . he demand that she turn over any gift that tymethes may have give she . amphridote give he the jewel tymethe steal from the young queen . the tyrant recognize the jewel immediately and ask mazeres how it could have fall into tymethe hand . mazeres tell the tyrant everything about the young queen s secret meeting with tymethe at the lodge .
31 he demand that she turn over any gift that tymethes may have give she . amphridote give he the jewel tymethe steal from the young queen . the tyrant recognize the jewel immediately and ask mazeres how it could have fall into tymethe hand . mazeres tell the tyrant everything about the young queen s secret meeting with tymethe at the lodge . the tyrant fall into a jealous rage .
47 the young queen tell he that she be force to shoot tymethes when he break into she room and try to rape she . the tyrant scoff at this story . he tell she that he know everything about she relationship with tymethes and produce the steal jewel as proof . mazeres enter disguise as roxano and recount the detail of the young queen s secret meeting with tymethe at the lodge . the young queen be shock at roxano s betrayal .
9 7 he take all of the watch ring and jewel as well as gold cash when it be require from the audience who be present . he then issue everyone an i.o.u.. after this he throw everything in a suitcase and travels with it to kassel .
12 a promotional version of the 2xcd-r set come with a clear double jewel case tray include a gatefold insert information business card and a note sheet . it be limit to an edition of 31 on pretentious blue cdr give to some very special supporter .
9 the standard 2xcd-r edition come in a clear double jewel case tray . it include a gatefold insert and an information business card . it be limit to an edition of 251 on black cdr .
7 on june 27 2005 a gang of jewel thief break into the centre through the roof and steal ten of thousand of dollar worth of jewellery include gold bracelet and watch from one of the centre s jewellery store . abc news jewel thief pillage adelaide store australian broadcasting corporation june 27 2006 . store
8 the marlborough gem be a large collection of jewel assemble by the 4th duke of marlborough . the collection be compose of more than 730 carved gemstone include garnet sapphire emerald and many cameo . the most famous cameo and the duke s favourite be the marriage of cupid and psyche .
41 at a young age fede be already an establish portrait painter handle many commission work . perhaps it be she father s influence as a miniaturist that lead to fede s attention to detail in she portrait . she treatment of jewel and clothing make she a very desirable portrait painter . she be often commission to paint religious and secular theme as well . several of she painting base on the deuterocanonical story of judith and holofernes a popular theme in art of the period survive in private collection .
9 at ground level the herb layer include columbine boneset jewel weed nettle twinberry may apple hispid greenbrier meadow rue narrow-leaved cattail and grape .
34 angelina a jazz composition by earl klugh from earl klugh angelina ballerina fictional mouse create by author katharine holabird and illustrator helen craig angelina fictional character from the film romance the stone and the jewel of the nile angelina johnson fictional character in the harry potter story angelina lauro cruise ship that sink near taiwan
3 summary museum of jewel . alexandria egypt license
1 summary jewel exhibit in the museum of jewel alexandria egypt . license
7 summary jewel exhibit in the museum of jewel alexandria egypt . license
10 summary a unique chess board exhibit in the museum of jewel alexandria egypt . license
9 summary a unique antique exhibit in the museum of jewel alexandria egypt . license
5 the name manimahesh signify a jewel mani on lord shiva s mahesh'es crown . local people claim that the moon-ray reflect from the jewel can be see from manimahesh lake on clear full-moon night which be a rare occasion . it be more likely to be the light reflect from the glacier that adorn the peak like a serpent on shiva s neck .
23 the name manimahesh signify a jewel mani on lord shiva s mahesh'es crown . local people claim that the moon-ray reflect from the jewel can be see from manimahesh lake on clear full-moon night which be a rare occasion . it be more likely to be the light reflect from the glacier that adorn the peak like a serpent on shiva s neck .
65 eventually he realize that his own father must have know about the mine location and tell flynn story to plant clue in his memory give he the amulet in case he ever need to guard the secret and enlist the help of other mason . with the antagonist in pursuit the two manage to penetrate the cave where solomon s treasure be hide . gold jewel and other treasure litter the cavern a huge head of queen sheba carve out of the stone wall loom over all . flynn spot a book rest on a pedestal open it and realize that this be the book of which judson tell he . as he glance through it the text seem to be attract to his hand begin to glow in a sinister fashion .
7 fictional character biography black fox be a jewel thief with a long international career . in his sixty he yearn to pull off one last big heist so that he can retire for good to the french riviera . however his retirement plan continue to be defer due to unfortunate encounter with super-being .
9 recently he be defeat by ant-man who take the jewel fox steal to a pawn shop and sell they himself . black fox however track down o'grady and force the ant-man to repay he for the botched heist . ant-man and black fox then return to the pawn shop together and hold up the place .
24 Żywe srebro quick-silver 1959 1963 with henryk kawka zwierciadło boginus the goddess s mirror 1961 1962 1964 report from japan klejnot korony the crown jewel 1963 report from hong-kong księżyc nad tahiti moon over tahiti 1963 dalej niż daleko farther than far 1964 report from new zealand
56 curreri s finger-picking style be lilt and fluid and there be a languid tension throughout that be create by a strong and sure dynamic sense . the flicking and scampering of his finger weave an aural magic that complement his elusive and playful vocal style perfectly . lyrically curreri be full of taste and truth poetic jewel . 9x magazine 9x magazine
32 after the death of the founder edvard stjernström he theatre be run by his widow the playwright louise granberg in 1877-1880 . the swedish theatre be for a long time the prime jewel in the notorious swedish theatre manager albert ranft s theatrical empire . sadly the theatre be completely ruin in a fire on june 30 1925 during the great depression . due to this the theatre be never rebuild .
67 in 1993 dfs be float on the stock market and value at £271 million with kirkham and his family trust own just over half of the share . this bring the kirkham family to the attention of thief who in 1994 break into the family home at sprotborough while they be on holiday . the burglar bind and gag the housekeeper and make off with money and jewel worth £2.4m later recover but still south yorkshire s largest arm robbery .
19 betty white the golden girlsbest actress miniseries or tv film liza minnelli a time to live peggy ashcroft the jewel in the crown gena rowlands an early frost marlo thomas consenting adult
13 the regional new york and chicago golden gloves championships be the two crown jewel of the boxing mecca of the united states . although they have intercity match afterwards which be more politicized to the individual fighter and the public there be no better achievement . in 1962 with the national golden gloves assume control of the tournament and with a grow televise economy the general public’s emphasis progress more towards a national championship .
2 joya english jewel be a brand of fruit soda introduce in 1942 in monterrey mexico by mineral water producer cia . topo chico now a division of embotelladoras arca the second largest coca-cola bottle group in mexico joya be available only in the mexican state of nuevo leon and north of tamaulipas then in 2004 joya distribution start in coahuila sinaloa and part of san luis potosí and in 2005 in sonora chihuahua and baja california . in 2004 joya be acquire by the coca-cola company and in 2006 joya be introduce in hidalgo part of morelos and north of baja california .
27 nerissa s true intention come about in j be for jewel when nerissa manage to steal elyon’s power heart of meridian and imprison elyon within a tear-drop jewel . after this meridian be leave alone for a while until v be for victory when the guardians situation become desperate so they release phobos in order to get the seal of nerissa from nerissa herself . phobos do so and re-took meridian again transform back the palace into the gloomy old castle and the sky change and the village and all of meridian with it .
57 at the end of she pilgrimage it be return to the basilic receive a salute of white tissue shake in the air by the multitude . also in particular opportunity like this the image be honor with a special crown call alianza de las alianzas that mean alliance of alliance . it be make in gold and jewel offer by settler they donate their wedding ring to make this spectacular crown .
44 in december 2007 uspsa purchase the steel challenge and the steel challenge shooting association scsa from owner and creator mike dalton and mike fichman . uspsa acquires steel challenge december 14 2007 the steel challenge world speed shooting championships be one of the crown jewel of the shooting circuit and the premier professional pistol competition in america . with more than 220 of the world’s fastest shooter compete for over $ 390,000 in cash and prize in 2007 it have find a permanent place on the shooting schedule of every major competitive shooter .
70 they be give just one clue and a phone that can only receive call lead conan and kogoro into an empty hotel that hide ski mask and a government license gun in a bag . they discover that it be use for a robbery of a truck deliver money to a bank on april 4 . they also discover on the same date of the robbery kaitou kid steal some jewel from a nearby company . kogoro retrieve the bag but end up get arrest on suspect of be kid s accomplice . the mysterious man call the phone to which conan pick up and the client identify conan as shinichi instead and give he a second clue conan use his voice changer and speak with shinichi s voice into the phone .
0 jewel aich bengali জুয়েল আইচ be a bangladeshi magician and bānsurīplayer . he have be describe as the lead bangladeshi magician . magic times news on jewel aich
25 jewel aich be bear in the village of shomdekathi in shorupkathi thana in the barisal district . his father b.k. aich be a businessman . jewel be the fifth of nine child . mashik taitombur the monthly taitombur june 1992
38 aich want to work out how the trick be do and emulate it . after return home he set about make a special knife and later demonstrate it to his friend . dainik bhorer kagoj february 15 1993 jewel be also interest in a type of flute call the bansari which he have hear be play by a neighbour in his village . aich first learnt to play with his neighbour nitai who give he his only flute to practice . dainik banglabazar patrika february 11 1992 he also take grammatical training from his village friend poritosh mondol .
75 in the second half of season 2 nerissa destroy she own knight of destruction and use the power that she give they to restore herself and the other member c.h.y.k.n. to their original guardian form . after the current guardians break she control over they she absorb the rest of the old guardians into the seal of nerissa thus gain access to all of their elemental power . after nerissa be trap inside weira s jewel they escape along with elyon and yan lin .
57 she keep an eye on phobos and elyon throughout phobos reign . after phobos be defeat trill give elyon a necklace own by queen weira . the necklace syphon elyon s power and when she give it back to trill who trick elyon into hate she parent trill reveal herself as nerissa and imprison elyon inside the jewel . nerissa also trick kadma into give she the heart of zamballa which create the seal of nerissa .
2 zilkha hall jewel box 500-seat hall showcase the ensemble of the uniquely houston program the only perform art series of its kind in the country . the series foster artistic and administrative growth for smaller and mid sized perform art group in the houston metropolitan area . they include the psophonia dance company the maggini string orchestra and ars lyrica houston to name but three .
17 long ago there be seven moon that waxed and wane together . the people treasure they as jewel in the sky from the supreme god bathala .
10 in the comic book the heart be a unique magical jewel that merge with its holder s body when it be not in use and retain a shade of they when it be pass on to the next holder . in the animated series the heart remain distinct from its owner and each world have a heart of its own . some of which be jewel like the heart of kandrakar and other of which be people with tremendous magical power .
65 in the comic book the heart be a unique magical jewel that merge with its holder s body when it be not in use and retain a shade of they when it be pass on to the next holder . in the animated series the heart remain distinct from its owner and each world have a heart of its own . some of which be jewel like the heart of kandrakar and other of which be people with tremendous magical power . in season 2 it be reveal that elyon be the heart of meridian and lillian hale be the heart of earth . it be also reveal that the holder of one heart can merge it with another world s heart but only if that heart be give willingly .
43 the sphinx also use telekinetic power to force people to look at they . the second chamber be full of shriek banshee that will gradually drive you insane . the third chamber be actually a sort of vault be fill with treasure chest jewel gold and such . however they be coat with a venom that kill with just a touch . the fourth and last chamber be guard by the serpent valg .
13 quick ... do not ask any question 1990 innocence ballet 1995 dark sided jewel 1999 start again 2004 bonafide 2007
22 meanwhile the unscrupulous durkin and craddock notice the green diamond baru be wear and follow they to plunder the city for similar jewel . dagna receive word of the hero approach from his bat-men and make plan to stop they .
69 this historic district be a acre 0 km 2 area contain 154 building historic site in humboldt county california mostly from the victorian era . the core of the district run the length of first second and third streets between c and m streets and include many type of architecture from the 1850s to the present . though not officially within the district the carson mansion the undisputed victorian jewel of the city and region command the highest elevation at the eastern edge of the district . art venue coffee shop bed and breakfast and inn antique store and shop restaurant museum and gallery and public area complete with view of humboldt bay and its marina be highlight of this gem of the north coast . of particular note be the remarkable authenticity of the district simply because it do not suffer the ravages of extensive fire or redevelopment like many other historic commercial center .
18 # the secret meeting 13min 20 a re-cap chapter # secret of the altar 13min 20 # liquid jewel 13min 20 source cline william c.. mcfarland company inc. . p . 247 .
13 u.k./german limited edition cd u.k. version be cardboard digipack german be in slim jewel case # winter # angie
74 george maxey who previously lead ribault middle school become principal of raines in mid-2009 . maxey be currently focus on improve school academic discipline and student performance on standardized test score to keep the school from receive another fail grade in 2010 . maxey s plan to establish a new raines with an old flavor be an effort to return the school to its better day when the school and its student be the jewel of northwest jacksonville . maxey hope to restore the school to its former prominence by enlist the support of alumnus former teacher and the community .
5 filmography partner 2005 return of jewel thief 1996 kanyadaan 1995 janam kundali 1995
51 the two teacher class have be merge into one create a class that help teach student mainly about adobe photoshop and its workings . in the class the student complete assignment that provide gateway to what professional graphic artist be able to create . these assignment be but not limit to jewel case design postcard business card digitally recreate a photograph create poster and more . it be currently run its second year and have so far be a successful class that have help expand the learning area .
43 general description consider a country park when it be form in the 19th century franklin park be the largest and last component of the emerald necklace create by frederick law olmsted . although often neglect in the past it be consider the crown jewel of olmsted s work in greater boston . emerald necklace conservancy franklin park coalition
81 flavia be sit in the garden read one of she favourite scroll when she hear she father call for she . flavia enter she father s study to find he in a frenzied panic for he have lose the castor and pollux signet ring which flavia s late mother give to he . flavia promise to find it and the search lead she to a magpie s nest in the necropolis outside the city wall where she find a gathering of jewel that the magpie have steal . suddenly a pack of dog chase flavia and she be rescue by jonathan ben mordecai . he take she back to his house next door to she own where she meet his father mordecai ben ezra a doctor and his sister miriam .
10 have yourself a merry little christmas tori amos winter wonderland jewel let it snow let it snow let it snow brian setzerconception
6 street sense go into the second jewel of the triple crown as the favorite . what occur be what many consider a race for the age as street sense finish second by a nose to eventual two time horse-of-the-year curlin in the preakness stakes at pimlico race course on may 19 2007 . the nine-horse field include derby runner-up hard spun and curlin sixth-place finisher circular quay as well as mint slewlep xchanger king of the roxy flying first class and c p west .
47 the animal leave the camp and lois start to teach he some english . k'l'l s education continue he be even give an english name clark . everyone be amaze at clark s progress and ability until one day when luthor propose to lois offer she his jewel as an engagement present . she refuse and it become obvious to luthor that she have fall in love with clark . luthor become infuriated and threaten lois .
24 luthor become infuriated and threaten lois . while they struggle clark come to the rescue . however when he enter luthor s tent the jewel start to weaken he and he collapse we can assume that the jewel be a large piece of kryptonite from clark s home world of krypton . in a few hour luthor and his man seize the opportunity and take over the camp . sir richard be tie to a tree and leave to die as luthor set fire to the camp with lois and clark as his prisoner .
37 luthor become infuriated and threaten lois . while they struggle clark come to the rescue . however when he enter luthor s tent the jewel start to weaken he and he collapse we can assume that the jewel be a large piece of kryptonite from clark s home world of krypton . in a few hour luthor and his man seize the opportunity and take over the camp . sir richard be tie to a tree and leave to die as luthor set fire to the camp with lois and clark as his prisoner .
40 two month later in england lex be show clark as a sideshow attraction to the world . luthor plan to force k'l'l to assassinate queen victoria and take over the country . he have a polished piece of his kryptonite jewel on top of a staff as well as a sword encrust with some piece as a way to command the wild man of india he also blackmail he by threaten to hurt lois . clark ultimately refuse to assassinate the queen and attack luthor . in the ensue melee the building be set on fire and clark s animal friend escape .
6 like a blind man find a jewel in a heap of garbage . through what good fortune
31 the u.k. version of the album come in a digipak case with a lyric booklet in addition to the liner note as oppose to the u.s. version which come in a jewel case and lack the lyric booklet . the u.k. version also have slightly different artwork with the front cover image be in blue which be change to brown for the u.s. version .
45 muharam and safar give he fancy present which please mashood . as for syawal he present a packet of salt and a packet of sugar which mastura explain represent their love for he . mashood be anger by this say that love should be like jewel and gold . then mastura present to she father meal she d cook for he . mashood attempt to eat it but the food taste bad as it have be cook without salt or sugar .
26 on the night of mashood s birthday gathering muharram and safar be quiet and subdued as zahara and suhara present mashood a tray each of precious jewel as their gift to he . mashood be impress by the extravagant gift and then turn to syawal and mastura demand their present . syawal give he a model of a mosque tell he that it be to remind he of god .
57 mashood be impress by the extravagant gift and then turn to syawal and mastura demand their present . syawal give he a model of a mosque tell he that it be to remind he of god . mashood balk at this present until muharram and safar break down and confess that they be thief and all the jewel be from syawal not they . mashood question this disbelievingly until syawal open his robe to reveal a smart white suit underneath .
53 titles and plot the twelve book publish in timeline order be find the kirillian 1983 story by seth mcevoy art by marc hempel and mark wheatley on their first mission of the series the reader must re-capture an escape criminal call phatax rescue a kidnap prince and recover a collection of stolen royal jewel with strange power . isbn 9780553235067 the galactic pirate 1983 story by mcevoy art by hempel and wheatley monstrous genetic mutation be be use to commit crime by the space-pirate marko khen .
41 the consort adhiprajna be consubstantiate with guhyasamaja whom she encircle and possess the same attribute . she have three face red light blue and white . she original hand embrace the yab at the back the upper hand hold the flame jewel and wheel while the lower one carry the sword of wisdom prajna-khadga and lotus . both the deity be adorn with the costume and ornament of a bodhisattva .
16 dwight d. eisenhower 1890 1969 34st president of the united states james caviezel 1968 film actor jewel 1974 singer-songwriter actress philanthropist and author swiss roots jewel kilcher chesley sullenberger 1951 american airline transport pilot atp who successfully carry out the emergency ditching of us airways flight 1549 in the hudson river save the life of the 155 people on the aircraft . berner zeitung .
63 elizabeth jane gardner october 4 1837-january 28 1922 be an american figure painter bear in exeter new hampshire . she study in paris under merle lefebvre and finally under william-adolphe bouguereau whom she marry in 1896 and whose manner she adopt so successfully that some of she work might be mistake for his . among she best-known work be cinderella cornelia and she jewel corinne fortune teller maud muller daphne and chloe ruth and naomi the farmer s daughter the breton wedding and some portrait .
35 mistress hairbrain and the courtesan enter . the courtesan instruct mistress hairbrain in the art of appear chaste and avoid any trap she husband might set for she . mistress hairbrain give the courtesan a jewel to present to penitent brothel as a promise of she love which she say she will demonstrate as soon as she manage to escape from she husband’s strict guard . when hairbrain join they the courtesan tell he that mistress hairbrain believe that every sin be damnable—an opinion that the courtesan have be try to refute . hairbrain laugh at his wife’s allege moral strictness .
29 hairbrain tell innes and possibility about the courtesan’s sudden illness . he say that he have be to visit she and be especially touch to hear she bequeath a jewel to his wife as she dictate she will .
51 she escape successfully get to the castle . jafar be the boss of the level . bonus level when all level be complete the princess all dress in their traditional attire except for jasmine who have a purple outfit that she wear in the aladdin film can be use to collect jewel fall from the top of the screen .
3 other louis sullivan jewel box farmers and merchants bank columbus wisconsin 1919 home building association company newark ohio 1914
15 about this time he marry a young wife joan who die without child and whose jewel be steal by alice perrers edward ii i’s mistress who also steal the king’s ring from his finger as he lay die . he appeal to the king for their return but they could not be trace and it be not altogether surprising that he return to scotland soon after .
26 faux tension setting some ring while advertised as and have the appearance of tension ring in fact have a bridge hold the ring together underneath the jewel . these be not true example of a tension set ring but they be a good option if you be look for an affordable alternative to true tension setting . although the wearer know that it be not a true setting it will appear to be a tension set to the casual observer .
25 voiced by shōko kanoki a french woman a boss of pink cat the confederacy of thief . to keep she beauty she often steal the jewel and the adornment for she desire .
40 in recent year people have begin move back into the neighborhood and be restore some of the area s historic house . the eastside park historic district a state and nationally-registered historic place be situate in this neighborhood . the jewel of the neighborhood be eastside park and the mansion that surround it . in addition this section of paterson once have a large jewish population and there be still a synagogue leave . eastside park and what be commonly know as the manor section be locate in paterson s 3rd ward .
49 thanks to a vague note ginger go to a hotel in new york on she way home from school where hortense and she boyfriend be . they force she to take the suitcase back with she . the suitcase end up contain the valuable which include fancy clothes and jewel .
19 know that channing have go to orange springs on a yachting trip ginger decide to use the clothes and jewel and pretend to be a woman of the world when she go home . the plan backfire and she father believe she be lie when she say its a joke . detective show up want to know why she have steal loot and both she young admirer bill and channing think she have really become a wicked woman .
39 he also have a robin-like partner name scorn voiced by daryl sabara . in the series they be give identity of will mallory and andy mallory respectively . the world s finest william and andrew mallory be child of jewel thief . it be imply that their parent make themselves wealthy this way . however they be eventually catch and convict the same night when bruce wayne s parent be shoot .
14 the plan quickly fall through when the frenchmen try to court the woman with jewel take from sebastian s treasure and the woman recognize their own possession . the amazons imprison the man and appear to be plan their execution . but a new ship arrive to change the situation .
41 armusia be depress by quisara s coldness and hostility but his friend urge he to pursue the princess boldly even encourage he to ravish she . armusia do not go so far though he do bribe with a kiss and a jewel panura quisara s wait woman into grant he access to quisara s private apartment . quisara be offend by his violation of she privacy but armusia charm she with his courtly manners and palliate much of she hostility . ruy dias come to see the princess pass armusia on his way out and realize that he be lose the contest for the island princess s affection .
6 “…like a tumbled bag of precious jewel – sparkling and glow . ” cairns post
6 “…like a tumbled bag of precious jewel – sparkling and glow . ” cairns post
55 the story follow the adventure of an 8-year-old boy name horton horty bluett who run away from his abusive family and take refuge in the circus bring only his smashed doll with he . the owner of the carnival pierre monetre have discover an intelligent extraterrestrial life form . these extraterrestrial take the form of jewel which monetre believe be a source of great power . this power however be potentially destructive . one of the carnival performer who take care of horty and know about monetre s plan know that horty be the key to execute these plan or to stop monetre .
9 and then one day the sharmas find the family jewel and raghu miss . actually he be plan a union between the young lady member of the family with a suitable boy . he steal the jewel to give it to the boy who could then restore they to the family .
36 and then one day the sharmas find the family jewel and raghu miss . actually he be plan a union between the young lady member of the family with a suitable boy . he steal the jewel to give it to the boy who could then restore they to the family . it help to increase the boy s stature in the family .
46 his notable writing include batman 1989 beetlejuice 1988 beverly hills cop 2 1987 and fire with fire 1986 . he be also credit as associate producer for top gun 1986 for which he write a draft . he have also write an unproduced sequel to the jewel of the nile 1985 call the crimson eagle .
3 when two young jewel thief approach kwinto to hit a bank run by gustaw kramer a ruthless and criminal bank president kwinto tell they he be not interested and that he be nothing more than a simple musician .
52 however when kwinto realize the cut he receive from kramer in exchange for his prison time be little more than 20 złoty a day and that kramer himself be responsible for tadeusz’s death kwinto decide to get even with he . he track down his former associate dane and with the two jewel thief plan a robbery of kramer’s reportedly heist-proof bank .
12 hansel become the first dual classic winner to win the last two jewel of the triple crown since little current in 1974 . by virtue of his performance in the series hansel be award the fifth $ 1,000,000 chrysler triple crown bonus . hansel also finish second to corporate report in the 1991 traver stakes at saratoga .
40 pybus take an exhausting covert trip to meet the king on 24 may 1762 . after several talk without any conclusive decision pybus leave after a month . the king give he a ring sword a gold chain with breast jewel and leave the country cross the river at puttalam pass while the the dissawa who accompany pybus present the ship commander samuel cornish a gold chain and a ring in the name of king kirti sri rajasinha .
32 stand up sister to leave let go to our mother . alas my brother and why that time of the night if maybe it be cause of joy i should wear my jewel and come and if it be cause of bitterness tell i that to get dress in black and come . come arete in our home and let it be the way you be .
25 the operation overdrive power rangers be a fictional team of superhero in the television show power rangers operation overdrive task with track down five individual jewel that fit onto corona aurora . due to dna resequencing they have enhance strength and intelligence as well as individual superpower and wield the overdrive tracker that serve as communicator and morpher . they be fund and run by billionaire andrew hartford and be base out of his mansion locate in san angeles .
14 she genetic power be superhuman speed a power allow she to pickpocket the fourth jewel from kallendor . she primary weapon be the drive claws and she drive the dozer and drill driver zords .
46 south side of the sherman e. smith training center the sherman e. smith training center be a plan on-campus athletic training facility to be build on the campus of oklahoma state university in stillwater oklahoma . the center be expect to be one of the crown jewel of the envision athletic village on the north side of the oklahoma state campus . the center be also expect to be the finest indoor practice facility in the united states on both the collegiate and professional level .
11 plot at the screen stars annual ball norma shearer have she jewel steal . the police must find they and return they to she .
107 between oficio de tiniebla 5 trade of darkness 5 by camilo josé cela –for search a new and unruly order in literature and the petite poemes en prose little poems in prose by charles baudelaire –for their poetic nature concentrate in the minimal narrative structure come medrano s el hombre entre la roca . between oppium opium the diary of a cure by jean cocteau –for its attempt at a constant diary of all work and james joyce s finnegans wake –in its plausible attempt to fixate an episodic syntax through formula that the author play with and be not go to give up appear this little jewel . with the freedom of samuel beckett –letting the verbal river flow and the aphasia of louis-ferdinand celine –unworried about the style that his own work germinate medrano elaborate this little verbal artifact without comparison in our day the modernity of which be that of the very tradition that be assimilate – the quote author and many other try its maximum use as conscience lash and sublime purge of style .
32 fall eternally and madly in love with one of the green snake . he . . . marry she and receive as a dowry a golden chamber pot that be stud with jewel . the first time he piss in it he be transform into a meerkat etc .
52 destroyed by den-o climax form s charge and up boistous kick the bloodsucker imagin be bring to shōichi ike by the molech imagin to aid he in keep zerono from interfere in gaoh s affair run off once it do his part . the imagin then proceed to get back the steal jewel that ike secretly sell succeed in fulfil the contract due to the crisis ryotaro learn of with urataros and gang . though he overpower sword form on two occasion the bloodsucker imagin be no match for the newly access climax form . . .
22 15 maiden lane be a 1936 american crime film about an insurance investigator claire trevor who infiltrate a gang plan to steal jewel from the eponymous building on maiden lane in the fulton street district of manhattan . the neighborhood have be the center of new york city s diamond district since 1931 before its gradual relocation uptown to 47th street beginning in 1941 . the movie be direct by allan dwan .
33 nesbit mississippi a town locate in desoto county in northwest mississippi united states nesbit northumberland a township in northumberland england that be once the site of a medieval village william nesbit a 1930s jewel thief who kill another thief escape from prison and be on the fbi ten most want list nesbit willoughby 1777-1849 naval officer mrs .
53 the story begin in the city of vienna in 1907 as the city hold a lavish birthday celebration for its beloved princess flora . the princess entertain a variety of suitor from around the world who have come to propose marriage . also on hand for the celebration be phoenix a handsome gentlemanly jewel thief who have his eye on steal the princess s precious gemstone the smile of the amazon . upset with phoenix s brash manner princess flora then drop the ring hold she gemstone into a cooked fish and throw it out the window to the shock of everyone present .
23 phoenix catch up with honey and lily and help they hide from the princess s suitor . honey proceeds to tell the handsome jewel thief the story of how she be orphan and bring up in a convent and of how she befriend lily who like she be abandon . phoenix then try to persuade honey to sell lily to he but honey who be still unaware that lily have swallow the princess s ring furiously refuse and immediately flee . honey and lily hide in the basket of a hot-air balloon which soon lift off with phoenix and princess flora s suitor still in hot pursuit .
13 # no good in goodbye jewel shaye smith carroll 3:50 # feat . jewel # livin our love song tim galloway glen mitchell carroll 3:52 # anywhere u.s.a. wiseman brad crisler 3:40
58 the porto vecchio the link between city and port tie together within a single process of urban and historical development become evident in the porto vecchio area with an architectural heritage of great historical and artistic value . porto vecchio locate in the heart of the city cover an area of about 600,000 sq.m . and represent a jewel to be relaunch through the identification of new function .
62 felicia hardy and she alter ego the black cat be depict as the first potential love interest for both peter parker and spider-man respectively rival only by mary jane watson . she be voice by jennifer hale . felicia be the well breed well-to-do daughter of business woman anastasia hardy and have only vague memory of she father john hardesky a career jewel thief know as the cat who have be imprison for year in the top secret and guard prison of shield because he have memorize the world war ii super soldier formula which would fall into enemy hand if he be keep free . as felicia s civilian identity she be a slightly petite unlike she alter ego but nonetheless a very attractive blonde with a crisp brogue and a sharp mind . in an episode where there be a charity ball she dance with peter and even kiss he .
23 anastasia hardy anastasia be the mother of felicia . she be a businesswoman and a single mother as felicia s father a career jewel thief know as the cat have be imprison for year because he have memorize the world war ii super soldier formula .
33 he create a cybernetically control rocket-power magnetic skateboard which he travel with and can attain speed of mile per hour 0 km/h . he can also scale wall . after robert steal some jewel he be chase by spider-man . rocket racer escape but spider-man plant a tracer on he and find out his identity .
11 dunasead castle dún na séad in irish mean fort of the jewel be a 17th century fortify house situate in the town of baltimore in western county cork ireland .
24 plot summary the narrative concern the adventure of jereth a self-doubting priest and hwynn the young woman who protect the eye of night a jewel that be connect with what appear to be an impending apocalypse . the story be weave with theme of daoist balance and christian resurrection .
18 emily be the healer mage whose magical element be water . she blue green and purple crystalline rainbow jewel give she the power of healing empathy esp see magical aura and mind-control . however she jewel dramatically evolve to a heart shape crystal after when she bond with she paladin . as a healer she share a bond with all animal but be especially close to ariel a snowy owl phel a fairy creature lorelei the unicorn riannan a unicorn princess and ozzie an elf-turned-ferret .
35 emily be the healer mage whose magical element be water . she blue green and purple crystalline rainbow jewel give she the power of healing empathy esp see magical aura and mind-control . however she jewel dramatically evolve to a heart shape crystal after when she bond with she paladin . as a healer she share a bond with all animal but be especially close to ariel a snowy owl phel a fairy creature lorelei the unicorn riannan a unicorn princess and ozzie an elf-turned-ferret . she paladin be indigo a shape-shifting power crystal .
35 in ghost wolf she become able to world-walk or travel between the physical world and the astral plane . she be bond to the mistwolf dreamer and the red dragon drake . she wolf paw-shap jewel evolve from gold-colored to gold-edged silver when stormbringer she first bonded mistwolf become she paladin .
10 kara the blazing star be the last to find she jewel a silver unicorn horn and discover she power amplifying other s magic . she can also control a flock of fairy dragon attract magical animal and briefly have shape-shifting power . she bonded animal be lyra a winged leopard and the fairy dragon nickname dragonfly .
28 early in the series kara often in conflict with the other two mage especially adriane . in all that glitters she find and then give up an uncontrollable jewel which she later earn back in trial by fire . in all s fairy in love and war she discover the true nature of she power and learn to control they .
75 outgoing and attractive kara be one of the most popular girl at school though a bit of a spoiled brat . she love of fashion and attention fuel she desire to perfect she outer image . she be less shallow than she popular friend and seem less willing to belittle and ridicule people who be different from she . be use to easily get she way she be frustrate by she lack of a magic jewel and later by she inability to control she power . she may have a crush on lorren the goblin prince from all s fairy in love and war .
58 ozzie live as an elf on aldenmor until the farimental transform he into a talk ferret and send he to earth to find three mage . although know little to nothing about magic he become adriane emily and kara s friend and mentor-figure . in trial by fire the farimental reward he for his service with a magic jewel of his own . he discover his elemental air power in ghost wolf . he be kill by emily in dark mage .
1 slimline jewel case cd single
39 that night peggy be wake by noise in the house . she investigate and discover garry in the study as he be in the process of rob the safe . she tell he he cannot steal she grandfather s jewel and offer he margaret s necklace in exchange . garry immediately recognize the ring on the necklace and realize that peggy must be his daughter . before he have a chance to explain the situation simon selfridge return home .
37 note the sub-listing under several main track be index 2 while each of the main track be index 1 . these be list as the decimal part of the track number on the back cover of the jewel case . for example slip away be 14.1 here be kazmeyer be 14.2 though they will usually play or be rip as a single track number 14 .
56 taoism consist of a variety of related religious and philosophical tradition categorization of taoist school and movement can be very controversial . in general taoist propriety and ethic place an emphasis on the unity of the universe the unity of the material world and the spiritual world the unity of the past present and future three jewel of the tao love moderation humility . leaman oliver . key concept in eastern philosophy .
14 © 1998-00 ourkarnataka.com inc. . . he be confer the title nataka ratna meaning jewel in the theatre world . gubbi veeranna nataka company be the first theatre company in karnataka to employ female artist to portray female character on the stage . deepa ganesh .
57 player select randomly generate attribute for the single character of the game prior to the start of play such as strength wisdom and constitution . the interface be simple allow movement north south east and west through a walled dungeon while progress through character level by amassing experience . experience can be gain by finding treasure gold jewel open combination safe and by defeat monster with spell or armed combat . movement from the surface level the only level that contain inns which allow the player to regenerate hit points and spell unit to their maximum level to lower level of the dungeon be do by fall in pit use of stair and a level 5 teleport spell . the graphic be extremey basic and gameplay rely on text and keyboard interaction .
58 use attractive illustration hand-drawn by himself and a short-chapter format to ease the interest of young reader changmarín have publish in several field from poetry to history book . many scholar consider his child s literature work an expression of his tender side without lose his message and they place many of his work in this area as jewel of panamanian literature . hena de zachrisson
14 black lena kleinschmidt bear 1835 be a new york criminal who as a prominent jewel thief during the late 19th century be an associate of fence fredericka marm mandelbaum and adam worth . among other in mandelbaum s clique she and con artist sophie lyons serve as protégés early in their career shoplifting and pick pocketing .
38 because of this caesar grow up hate his father think he be out live a new life . one day when caesar spot he walk he tail he with the intention of kill he . caesar spot a jewel not know that it be the activation of wamuu s trap and his father push he out of the way sacrifice himself for caesar . this lead to caesar go ahead of the rest of the group to fight wamuu where he meet the ultimate fate but not before do his fair share of damage and rip off wamuu s lip piercing send it in a ripple bubble for joseph before his body be crush by a rock .
52 his thesis be that not have the real number nor division the greeks face difficulty in define rigorously the notion of ratio . they call ratio logo . euclid book v be an exposition of eudoxus s theory of proportion which eudoxus discover about 350bc and which have be describe as the jewel in the crown of greek mathematics . eudoxus show by a form of abstract algebra how to handle rigorously the case when two ratio be equal without actually have to define they . his theory be so successful that in effect it kill off perfectly good earlier theory of ratio and fowler s aim have be to find the evidence for the rediscovery of these previous theory .
59 while captain peregrine be absent on his military service fitzavarice attempt to seduce mistress peregrine offer to discharge she husband s debt if she submit to he . she resist his importunity and faint when he try to force she . guilt and embarrassment work a reformation on he fitzavarice present she with the mortgage and add a precious jewel in admiration of she steadfastness .
7 among these riches be chest fill with jewel and pearl gold and silver coin amber roll of the highest-quality cloth fine tapestry 425 ton of pepper 45 ton of clove 35 ton of cinnamon 3 ton of mace and 3 of nutmeg 2.5 ton of benjamin a highly aromatic balsamic resin use for perfume and medicine 25 ton of cochineal and 15 ton of ebony . an inventory be take and the report produce mention gods great favor towards our nation who by put this purchase into our hand hath manifestly discover those secret trade indian riches which hitherto lay strangely hide and cunningly conceal from we . it also speak of the follow goods aboard besides jewel spice drug silk calico quilts carpet and color c .
117 among these riches be chest fill with jewel and pearl gold and silver coin amber roll of the highest-quality cloth fine tapestry 425 ton of pepper 45 ton of clove 35 ton of cinnamon 3 ton of mace and 3 of nutmeg 2.5 ton of benjamin a highly aromatic balsamic resin use for perfume and medicine 25 ton of cochineal and 15 ton of ebony . an inventory be take and the report produce mention gods great favor towards our nation who by put this purchase into our hand hath manifestly discover those secret trade indian riches which hitherto lay strangely hide and cunningly conceal from we . it also speak of the follow goods aboard besides jewel spice drug silk calico quilts carpet and color c . the spice be pepper clove mace nutmeg cinnamon greene ginger the drug be benjamin frankincense galingale mirabili aloe zocotrina camphire the silk damask taffata scarceness alto basso that be counterfeit cloth of gold unwrought china silk sleeve silk white twisted silk curl cypresse . the calico be book-calico calico-laune broad white calico fine starched calico course white calico brown broad calico brown course calico .
48 there be also a document print at macau in 1590 contain valuable information on the china and japan trade hakluyt observe that it be enclosed in a case of sweet cedar wood and lap up almost an hundredfold in fine calicut-cloth as though it have be some incomparable jewel .
11 # jewel song # beside you boku will yobu koe # jewel song instrumental # beside you boku will yobu koe instrumental
35 part iii – the no man s island timár realize too late only after the wedding that timéa though respects he enormously be not in love with he . he provide timéa with everything gift jewel travels to foreign country in hope of make she fall in love with he but without any success . they move into the luxurious brazovics mansion in komárom . athalie be intent on make they miserable .
3 abs-cbn tv personality jewel reye present anchor of tv patrol chavacano mai-mai and pm host of the weekly telemagazine wow
32 early life falcón be bear in buenos aires in 1905 where she start to act in theater as a little girl 11 year old know as la joyita argentina the little argentinian jewel . at age 13 she take part in she first movie el festin de lo caranchos in 1918 .
8 83 . just as a person imagine a jewel in fire or vice versa so do one etc.
56 to survive they be force to leave the village and find a place where they can feed themselves . after long day journey in the cold wilderness they find a human castle where its lord be live alone after lose all his fortune . try to find remain food they stumble on a secret room of jewel . they share their discovery with the lord who can then buy food for they . the smurfs be then able to go back to the village .
0 jewel reference ophelia in the song innocence maintained ophelia drown in the water/crushed by she own weight
108 the net have become overrun with these fake and they be hard to tell from the real thing . they be factory-pressed but usually in russia or china and be identical to the original with two key exception 1 the artwork be slightly different the right-hand side be slightly cut off and sometimes there be porcupine tree stupid dream print at the top in neon green and 2 on the bottom of the disc between the clear and silver part there will be a small number line on the white strip as oppose to the authentic large numberline and barcode . also the counterfeit tend to be in jewel case as oppose to digipak in which most of the remaster have be release .
20 your beauty my heart so entrances pray sir do not banter she say i be not such a rare precious jewel that i should enamour you so i be but a poor little milk girl
16 when you recently attack ru'nan 汝南 roughly modern zhumadian henan you capture much gold silver and jewel but you only give they to the duke of wei give none to i . be aware that it be i who allow he to be duke and who know what will happen in the future
16 when you recently attack ru'nan 汝南 roughly modern zhumadian henan you capture much gold silver and jewel but you only give they to the duke of wei give none to i . be aware that it be i who allow he to be duke and who know what will happen in the future
28 give to the rise be the ninth studio album from the oakland california band neurosis release on june 5 2007 . the album be available in a standard jewel case a limited-edition digipak and a limited-edition double lp all with the same track list . a dvd documentary be also available from neurot records .
11 in october 2006 universal music enterprises announce a move away from jewel box to a new type packaging that be completely green ume goes green with completely paper-recyclable standard cd packaging sleeve and tray for the first time in the music industry . october 2006 . universal music enterprises .
20 plot set in los angeles in 1941 against a seamy backdrop of police corruption cheap hotel room illegal gambling and jewel trafficking private detective philip marlowe be hole up in a hotel room and grow more weary by the hour . as he explain to his police lieutenant friend nulty i have get a hat a coat and a gun that be it .
56 the collar also signify that a variety of people be necessary to make a functioning society . while people tend to look up to knight and noble steel and gold do not make a chain by themselves the society need all the other people and occupation just like the chain need all the other links . jewel be also affix to the links of the grand maesters chain though if this be a symbol of arch maestery of a particular field or simply largesse on the part of pycelle be unclear .
15 # sonnet the verve # baby do a bad bad thing chris isaak # hands jewel # my favorite mistake sheryl crow # millennium robbie williams
4 three treasure or three jewel chinese 三寶 may refer to three jewel buddhism buddha dharma and sangha three treasure taoism compassion frugality and humility
11 three treasure or three jewel chinese 三寶 may refer to three jewel buddhism buddha dharma and sangha three treasure taoism compassion frugality and humility three treasures traditional chinese medicine jing qi and shen
18 sound pressure level be an album by mazk. the album be release without a booklet in a clear jewel case . a green paper disk on the back contain information about the release .
48 main article hungarian gold train with the soviet army about 100 mile away from hungary on march 7 1944 hitler launch operation margarethe the invasion of hungary . the fascist government of hungary issue a decree against the jewish population order they to deposit their gem their golden jewel ornament with gem and all valuable make of gold with the authority . the jewel and other valuable of 800,000 hungarian jews be seize by the fascist government .
58 with the soviet army about 100 mile away from hungary on march 7 1944 hitler launch operation margarethe the invasion of hungary . the fascist government of hungary issue a decree against the jewish population order they to deposit their gem their golden jewel ornament with gem and all valuable make of gold with the authority . the jewel and other valuable of 800,000 hungarian jews be seize by the fascist government .
27 manga version an old woman with the appearance of a young girl . choushou be in charge of a set of 5 legendary chinese jian make of jewel . supposedly make by cao cao in ancient china . all five be embed in a large boulder on choushou s property and seal with chus make they impossible to remove .
5 the reluctant dragon the crown jewel of this disc this film show off actor and humorist robert benchley as he wander the new and improved disney studios in burbank to try and sell walt the idea of make a film of kenneth grahame s book the reluctant dragon . he explore an art class dialogue stage sound effect stage multiplane camera department the paint department and finally the story and animation department until finally he discover disney have finish the cartoon version of his story .
7 agathe be the first test of the jewel designation series run from 1961 until 1966 . minor and major incident occur during these experimentation the most important be the beryl incident on may 1 1962 where the nine militaryman of the 621ème groupe d'armes spéciales unit be heavily contaminate 600 msv as portray in the 2006 docudrama vive la bombe . the french defence minister pierre messmer and other official and civilian be present in the command post and be contaminate too around 200 msv .
49 in 1989 a book of she photography be publish ‘jean howard s hollywood ’ a tribute to the golden day of hollywood . divorce from hollywood talent agent charles k. feldman in 1948 the couple continue to live together until his death in 1968 . inherit a fortune in jewel from linda and cole porter jean live on the island of capri where she marry tony santoro an italian musician . howard appear in nine film . the star of hollywood forever 1901-2006 tony luke scott pub .
50 follow construction staff move back to city hall start in april 2007 . city hall be fully operational again by july . at the time the los angeles times note in a city where historic preservation be much like a civic obsession city hall have long be among the crown jewel of pasadena along with the colorado street bridge the rose bowl and the gamble house . although the renovation have be among the costliest public work project in pasadena city official decide that they could not risk lose the landmark in another quake . cecilia rasmussen 2007-05-06 .
66 emperor yang agree and subsequently ashina shekui attack ashina daman defeat he and force he to flee to gaochang . emperor yang then send pei to gaochang to persuade ashina daman to come to sui and ashina daman do he subsequently stay in china and do not return to his own land . emperor yang please with this development award pei with a sable coat and jewel that ashina daman offer as tribute .
43 the protector coveted fasterne and negotiate with sir henry long to resign his lease . when she hear of this catherine be highly indignant . she be not on good term with the protector because he have decline to give she some valuable jewel which as she maintain king henry have give she for she own . she vow she would stop the protector get his hand on the fasterne lease and would go herself tomorrow saturday at three o’clock to the young king edward and give full utterance to she feeling against the protector his uncle . but the formidable uncle-protector of the realm be not to be meddle with .
23 meanwhile the director of le crapouillot jean galtier-boissière denounce she service to the nation accuse she of involvement with organized crime of smuggling jewel and of cover up crime . the inspector of national safety jacques delarue a specialist in false hero of war inquire into the accusation . he find they to be false in 1954 .
97 he be a gentleman of great ability which have they not be accompany by an excessive severity uncommunicativeness and too great rigor in his punishment would have render he equal to the greatest governor not only of these island but of the whole world . for he be very intelligent in military affair but chaste truthful and modest and so free from anything that can touch covetousness that in that respect he rather resemble a most observant religious than a military gentleman for he be never know and he never presume to receive anything not only no jewel of value but not even a present of any food . casimiro díaz the augustinians in the philippines 1641-70 from his conquistas manila 1718 in emma helen blair and james alexander robertson ed . the philippine islands 1493-1898 vol . xxxvii 1669-1676 cleveland arthur h. clark company 1906 p . 157.
4 janet jackson mick jagger jewel spike jonze chris kattan
29 the king fall ill . lattantio come and cure he ask the princess s ring as his reward . the king summon violante with order to bring all she jewel but violante leave behind the ring . lattantio realize it be miss and say she could find it . she return to she room and weep over the ring .
53 he also reveal that his war experience lead to the founding of the space museum . in this story the object in the display case be an old space marine s footlocker one that contain artifact from four previous story . these artifact be the contact lens from world of doomed spacemen the jewel from secret of the space jewel in strange adventure # 106 the toy soldier from toy soldier war in # 130 and the ray-gun from threat of the planet wreckers in # 118 .
63 brahma and the other holy personage request the fearsome-looking adi varaha to assume a tranquil and compose look and rest on the hill to protect man and grant boon to people unable to reach god through dhyana yoga meditation and karma yoga do one s own duty . adi varaha appear with four arm and a white face . he be adorn with jewel and accompany by bhu devi . he resolve to stay at venkatadri under a divya vimana to grant the prayer of man . balajisudarshana .org
52 she ask for the jewelry to be hand-deliver by the owner to she home address where she rich husband would pay for the item . at the appoint time the jeweler with the collection of diamond arrive at the doctor’s residence . the beautiful wife meet he and take the box of jewel explain that she wish to wear they that night . she invite he to wait in she husband s office . later the doctor arrive and ask the jeweler what he want .
27 the subject of the picture be still unclear . it portray a young woman variously identify as sophonisba or artemisia or a generic queen due to she jewel and rich garment receive a cup from a maiden . the cup would contain the ash of artemisia s husband king mausolus or in the case of sophonisba the poison which kill she .
8 reference summary this be the cover of the jewel case of the video game treasure quest . the cover be scan by at 300dpi then reduce to 25 % .
8 janet r&b junkie janet son of a gun jewel intuition jocelyn enriquez all my life jocelyn enriquez make i an angel
72 in that season dave parker dave concepción and tony pérez be in cincinnati uniform . by the end of 1984 pete rose be hire to be the red player-manager . after raise the franchise from the grave howsam give way to the administration of bill bergesch who be principally know for hold on tightly to perennial future star like kurt stillwell tracy jones kal daniels and other refuse to risk these crown jewel for pitch help .
50 merione be nurse by beliza with the aid of leonidas and agenor . theander and his supporter confront and insult euphane and his friend euphane be restrain in his reaction but the queen learn about the matter and reprove she son . she order theander to take a casket of jewel to euphane as a present theander instead send the casket by an anonymous messenger and add to it a ring that he take from merione on the night of the rape . euphane give the ring to beliza . when merione see it on beliza s hand and instantly recognize it agenor and leonidas conclude that euphane be the rapist .
17 # beltane walk album t.rex # the king of the mountain cometh single b hot love # jewel album t.rex # she be bear to be my unicorn album unicorn # dove album a beard of stars
17 part of the subscription series . numbered limited edition of 700 copy . come in a clear jewel case print on front and back with a special gatefold insert with a foam button to hold cd1 .
17 artwork by o.l .e.g . for tanta gfx . first edition limited edition of 900 in a jewel case version with a gatefold insert september 2002 . second edition limited edition of 300 in a gatefold paper cover 200 silver colour and 100 gold colour with a hand number business card size insert august 2003 .
15 arabbox be a cd album by muslimgauze . first edition release on 14 april 2003 jewel case with turquoise tray inside a tin metal box hand make in india and limit to 500 copy . second edition release on 1 august 2003 jewel case with black tray limited to 1000 copy . all material record live on 6 july 1993 at the manchester turkish baths and edit at the cutting room manchester .
42 arabbox be a cd album by muslimgauze . first edition release on 14 april 2003 jewel case with turquoise tray inside a tin metal box hand make in india and limit to 500 copy . second edition release on 1 august 2003 jewel case with black tray limited to 1000 copy . all material record live on 6 july 1993 at the manchester turkish baths and edit at the cutting room manchester .
32 the council of evil the spider v. 22 no . 1 oct. 1940 the spider and his hobo army the spider v. 22 no . 2 nov. 1940 the spider and the jewel of hell the spider v. 22 no . 3 dec. 1940 harbour of the nameless dead the spider v. 22 no . 4 jan . 1941 the spider and the slave doctor the spider v. 23 no . 1 feb. 1941
29 he eventually fall in love with yoon jeong and marry she . lee yoon ji as park yoon jeong yunhu’s younger sister flippant trouble-maker selfish thoughtless . obsess with jewel and shopping . however she be tenderheart . became brighter and maturer after get marry to woo gyeong .
18 gem-bug'）is a metallic woodboring beetle of the buprestidae family . characteristics horyu-ji tamamushi shrine . its decoration include jewel beetle tamamushi wing .
29 obata say that for justin s body he reference tibetan art that feature skull . he also use idea stem from italian antique accessory that feature face cover in jewel .
82 the ship sink in heavy weather when its pump fail to keep up with the water leak through the hull plank . over half the crew include the captain john limbrey be able to abandon ship and be rescue by a sister-ship dover merchant which be accompany merchant royal from cadiz to london . the survivor provide a detailed description of the lose cargo — describe in 1641 as 300,000 pound in silver 100,000 pound in gold and as much again in jewel — as well as a general location near the isles of scilly about 21 league about 35 to 40 mile from lands end .
39 robby ray and john step up to the plate to carry jim until he sober up for a bit . for the most part they be smokin and through jim s booze induce haze he let out a couple jewel that be truly memorable . bruce botnick citation need
91 his style display a certain minimalism avoid rapid change from one uslub to the other thus lighten the peşrev form and confer it a balanced structure . most of his peşrevs use devr-i kebir as their rhythmical basis and be easily distinguishable from the earlier work of his precedent . the only former peşrev composer he be say to have cherish be gazi giray han of whose hüzzam peşrevi he have much appreciation he designate the work as sehl-i mümtenî mean a simple work do with great skill a piece of jewel . after have refuse for a long time to compose a peşrev in this maqam hüzzam for the musical rite of the mevlevi order he finally compose the famous hüzzam peşrevi on the instigation of the sheikh of the galata mevlevi monastery atâullah efendi . this piece be still widely hear during mevlevi rite .
28 the garden of europe spread in the warmest place of the czech republic in area close to mikulov town . this part of land be full of architectural jewel romantic nook unique nature reserve beautiful place for many activity especially during tourist season . the garden of europe mean not only famous neo-gothic chateau lednice with an extensive park protect as world heritage by unesco but also colourful folklore the viticultural educational route hospitable people and countless curtural event .
91 she subsequent novel capo d'europa camunia 1990 reprint by frassinelli tascabile 1998 finalist for the strega prize 1991 donna-città di roma prize 1992 translate as the edge of europe by a. m. jeannet and d. castronuovo university of nebraska press 2000 take place in lisbon a stop place for a jewish girl run away from europe to america during world war ii . furio colombo remind we who that this be the only testimonial in italian literature of the emigration cause by italian racial law and define the novel a little jewel furio colombo la stampa 25 january 1993 . and laura mancinelli speak of the sorrow that be hide under the polished page of the novel and see in the protagonist a tragic manifestation of the way violence can silence even the most human feeling laura mancinelli l'indice dei libri del mese june 1991 .
57 over the next 50 year the hotel pass through many hand and many renovation . the ontario government own it for some year and spend an estimate $ 50-million on upgrade it only to sell it to a hotel chain for $ 4-million . the conservative government that spend most of the money call the resort the jewel of the north . opposition liberal and new democratic party politician call it a boondoggle and a sinkhole . owner since then have include a nearby indian band a texan speculator and a calgary alberta real estate developer .
0 jewel of the moon 1985 be a collection of short story by american author william kotzwinkle . the beautiful and erotic title piece concern a couple who observe 13 month of subtle sexual foreplay lead up to the inevitable moment of cosmic release .
20 tuesday be a low-budget british heist film set in the 1980s . it star john simm and phillip glenister as jewel thief . it also star ashley walters and kevin mcnally . the film be release in the uk on october 10 2008 .
6 synopsis the plot revolve around a jewel heist where three group of thief try to steal a large emerald in the bank s safe on the same day .
132 norwich byzantium the decline and fall 21 the wealth of the empire under the comnenians can be see by how emperor manuel i be able to ransom some latin prisoner from the muslims for dinar then dinar for bohemond iii in ad 1165 dinar for raynald of chatillon and dinar for baldwin of ibelin in 1180 . harris byzantium and the crusades 43 when manuel become emperor he order 2 gold coin to be give to every householder in constantinople and 200 pound of gold include 200 silver coin annually to be give to the byzantine church . norwich byzantium the decline and fall 88 when his niece theodora marry king baldwin iii of jerusalem in 1157 manuel give she a dowry of gold coin gold coin for marriage expense and present jewel and silk garment which be worth gold coin total . harris byzantium and the crusades 108 the expense of manuel s involvement in italy must have cost the treasury a great deal probably more than 2,160,000 hyperpyra or pound of gold . w. treadgold a history of the byzantine state and society 643 then he also promise to pay pound of gold to the pope and the curia .
67 harris byzantium and the crusades 108 the expense of manuel s involvement in italy must have cost the treasury a great deal probably more than 2,160,000 hyperpyra or pound of gold . w. treadgold a history of the byzantine state and society 643 then he also promise to pay pound of gold to the pope and the curia . during his reign manuel buy a very rich jewel for silver mark which be use during the coronation latin emperor baldwin i. t. madden crusades the illustrated history 114 the main source of the state s wealth in the twelfth century be the kommerkion a custom duty levy at constantinople on all import and export which be state to have collect hyperpyra each day . harris byzantium and the crusades 25-26 this combine with other source of income mean the empire s annual revenue be at 5,600,000 hyperpyra in 1150 . w. treadgold a history of the byzantine state and society 705 under the komnenian emperor many exemption of trade duty be give to the italian trader which mean the loss of about 50,000 hyperpyra annually .
20 the byzantine economy have decline so much that by 1343 empress anne of savoy have to pawn the byzantine crown jewel for venetian ducat which be the equivalent of 60,000 hyperpyra . w. treadgold a history of the byzantine state and society 768 in 1348 constantinople have an annual revenue of hyperpyra while across the golden horn in the genoese colony of galata the annual revenue be hyperpyra . when emperor john vi kantakouzenos attempt to rebuild the byzantine navy he be only able to raise an inadequate hyperpyra .
11 the story adam power be an earthling give the cosmic power jewel to protect the galaxy from the evil dictator arkus . arkus be a nigh invincible foe determine to take the power jewel as well as volcan rock adam power’s secret stronghold in his quest to conquer the galaxy .
2 notable artists jewel aken donnie brooks dorsey burnette
22 max introduce noodles to mobster frankie minaldi who give he and his gang an assignment to rob a detroit jeweler of some jewel and kill joe from detroit . the gang execute the job with violent ease while noodles rape the woman who give joe from detroit the information need to pull off the job . they later shoot joe from detroit and his gang in a car as order by frankie minaldi .
49 on the day that the ship theatre open mrs lang open she front door and on the door step be a little box . she open the little box and in it be a brooch of a ship the school emblem . mrs lang call the brooch the school jewel and want it to be pass down from headmistress to headmistress .
62 the amir hold a great durbar in honour of his accession and speak in praise of the mulla whom he be say to greatly favour generally . late 1903 it be report that the amir s half-brother mohammad omar be suspect of intriguing against he and that there be a serious dispute between the amir and mohammad omar s mother about family jewel .
15 ginevra thomson the jilted mistress of a nobleman . she hire mildmay to steal she jewel from she ex-lover .
24 smallest 19th and wayne and euclid park each only 1/3 acre most popular glenwood park frontier park walczak park and rodger young park hidden jewel e 41st and brewer have unique playground equipment underappreciated hillside mckinley columbus lighthouse and barbara nitkiewicz parks best playground glenwood burton rodger young and liberty parks
43 in a different version he meet brynhildr first before he meet the gjukungs and he forget she when guðrún s mother grimhild have give he a potion of forgetfulness . both version be present in grípisspá . the two brother give he many jewel and their sister guðrún for wife and they spend time together drink and talk . then the two brother depart to woo brynhildr and sigurd join they . sigurd and gunnar change appearance something that grimhild have teach they .
10 in music good day the dresden dolls song good day jewel song good day sean maguire song good day a song by angels airwaves from we do not need to whisper
66 told in a style similar to the arabian nights it concern the fail health of an elderly king who be keep alive by story tell by visit animal . the book receive widespread acclaim in europe win the dutch literary prize for child s literature and be now consider a classic . amanda craig describe it in the times in 2008 as ...]one of the blaze jewel of child s literature . craig amanda 13 march 2008 . the times london . .
1 the jewel of the nizams of hyderabad state be the largest and richest collection of jewel in india . the jewel belong to the nizams .
15 the jewel of the nizams of hyderabad state be the largest and richest collection of jewel in india . the jewel belong to the nizams .
20 the jewel of the nizams of hyderabad state be the largest and richest collection of jewel in india . the jewel belong to the nizams .
34 once part of nizams ’ state regalia and personal heritage the ornament date from the early 18th century to the early 20th century . crafted in gold and silver and embellish with enameling the jewel be set with colombian emerald diamond from the golconda mine burmese ruby and spinel and pearl from basra and the gulf of mannar .
3 there be 173 jewel which include over 25 thousand diamond weigh over carat 0 kg . there be also 2000 emerald some of they colombian which weigh over 10 thousand carat and pearl exceed 40 thousand chow . the collection include gemstone turban ornament necklace and pendant belt and buckle earring armband bangle and bracelet anklet cufflink and buttons watch chain and ring toe ring and nose ring .
6 value the indian government buy the jewel for 218 crore about us$ 70 million after the death of mir osman ali khan in 1967 . in 1991 sotheby s estimate the collection to be worth us$ 162 million . the jewel be originally vault with hsbc but they be currently keep at the reserve bank of india in bombay .
39 the indian government buy the jewel for 218 crore about us$ 70 million after the death of mir osman ali khan in 1967 . in 1991 sotheby s estimate the collection to be worth us$ 162 million . the jewel be originally vault with hsbc but they be currently keep at the reserve bank of india in bombay .
40 main article jacob diamond the jacob diamond formerly know as the imperial diamond weigh carat 0 g be rank seventh in the world at almost double the size of the kohinoor diamond . bbc news | south asia | indian jewel set to dazzle . it be believe to have be find in an african mine .
2 notesfurther read jewel of the nizams hardcover by usha r. krishnan author)isbn 81-85832-15-3
2 she silver jewel be expose in many exhibition and museum like the national museum of fine arts and röhsska museum .
59 alice dixon jessie alice salones dixon binibining pilipinas-international 1986 miss international 1986 semi-finalist television and film actress gladys dueñas binibining pilipinas-international 1995 miss international 1995 semi-finalist television and film actress tweetie de leon-gonzales supermodel of the philippines 1987 supermodel of the world 1987 delegate former president professional models association of the philippines television and film actress fashion model entrepreneur jewel designer columnist spokesperson for milo sports camp and milo olympics danilo franco one of the lead fashion designer in the philippines gemma heaton viva look of the year 1999 binibining pilipinas 2000 semi-finalist binibining pilipinas 2001 miss ponds beautiful skin awardee miss philippines red cross 2001 3rd runner-up miss quezon city red cross 2001 runway and commercial model
70 the monkey hashkat king of the monkey have attempt to steal the sapphire atop the head of the snake prince shesha . tamar wrestle shesha in the water and be drag under then save shesha from the weed in which the serpent be entangle . shesha pull tamar to the realm of the naga raja snake king where tamar be give his choice of any of the thousand of precious jewel within the king s hall . he choose a tiny ruby call the fire flower .
45 another companion be find in garuda a pessimistic eagle whose nest tamar have accidentally destroy twice . garuda be once the messenger of a king jaya whose job it be to retrieve a ruby with a lotus carve on it . this be the same jewel tamar carry garuda agree to come with the group to look after the ruby because he be in no shape to fly well he be refer to as a buzzard before his true species be know . they continue north to a clearing where they meet kana a ruthless general of the kingdom of ranapura who obey no code of conduct .
36 iv. 17 the feast-day pesaḥ while mordecai pray and summon the child and oblige even they to abstain from food so that they cry out with loud voice . esther in the meantime put aside she jewel and rich dress loosenedher hair fasted and pray that she might be successful in she dangerous errand . on the third day with serene mien she pass on to the inner court array herself or array by the holy ghost esth . rabbah in she best and take she two maid upon one of whom accord to court etiquette she lean while the other carry she train .
5 the muni be a unique jewel in springfield s landscape a beautiful site tuck away at the lake that offer family and friend a venue to spend time together volunteer perform direct and enjoy quality entertainment .
36 however most people in indiana don’t realize there be a lighthouse in the state . mayor oberlie pass out lapel pin to illustrate its importance and scope . he call lake michigan the city ’s crown jewel which become prominent when he be city planner in the 1970 . richards rick a. michigan city s love affair with it be lighthouse july 2009 lighthouse digest .
9 summary my own scan of the cd in its jewel case to ensure lo-fidelity and prevent image to be use for piracy or duplication . it be only for identification of this rare disc in the lion hot monkey album article . unsure if reissue have different cover .
43 it be unique work of slovak baroque . music historian state that his christmas mass for its charm unrepeatable originality and power do not have equivalent in any know christmas mass terray . musical critic immediately in 1969 state that it be a jewel of musical past a work of extraordinary beauty which will certainly become at least european sensation word for word musical bestseller vajda . its reedition prove it . it reflect element of slovak folk-music and shepherd singing .
20 44 riddle of the raven master 1985 1985 venom agent vanessa warfield use train raven to steal london s crown jewel . as a diversion sly rax plant a bomb in big ben . 45
20 2002 czas ludzi cienia jazz'n'java noise inc. pomaton emus 2003 revolta jazz'n'java noise inc. pomaton emus 2003 revolta/czas ludzi cienia jewel box cd jazz'n'java noise inc. pomaton emus 2007 the triptic
17 gasteracantha cancriformi the crab spider spiny-backed orbweaver spiny orbweaver spider crab-like orbweaver spider crab-like spiny orbweaver spider jewel spider spiny-bellied orbweaver jewel box spider or smiley face spider be a species of spider .
21 gasteracantha cancriformi the crab spider spiny-backed orbweaver spiny orbweaver spider crab-like orbweaver spider crab-like spiny orbweaver spider jewel spider spiny-bellied orbweaver jewel box spider or smiley face spider be a species of spider .
43 police-training team be also send in south vietnam iran taiwan brazil and greece a. j. langguth s hidden terror pantheon books 1978 chapter i . course be hold in french spanish and english . accord to a 1973 document reveal in the family jewel cia document around 700 police officer be train a year include in handling of explosive family jewel page 600-603 . it be dissolve in 1974 .
60 police-training team be also send in south vietnam iran taiwan brazil and greece a. j. langguth s hidden terror pantheon books 1978 chapter i . course be hold in french spanish and english . accord to a 1973 document reveal in the family jewel cia document around 700 police officer be train a year include in handling of explosive family jewel page 600-603 . it be dissolve in 1974 .
36 schlumberger s design at tiffany co. be remarkable for their whimsical interpretation of natural form . he be especially inspire by sea creature and other animal . diana vreeland write that schlumberger appreciates the miracle of jewel . for he they be the way and mean to the realization of his dream .
32 lucy jocelyn britton and claire bernice swanson be at a house where lucy use to work . the two of they hack into the safe behind a picture . inside be several jewel . claire warn lucy to leave but lucy say that the home-owner be on vacation and the butler be the only one at home however he be at the back of house . she say that they have all the time in the world .
6 lucy tell claire to take the jewel and give she half when she get out of prison where she will undoubtedly go . she head to a local club where she see she ex-boyfriend tom john charlesworth eye his new girlfriend anne jill ireland . jealous and angry she take a necklace she keep in she jacket pocket which she steal from the house and put it in anne s jacket pocket with put anyone see .
51 anne than climb out the window after steal the mistress coat and tell tom to talk to dear old margen and then turn herself into the police . she sentence be extend . tom find dear old margen the owner of a pawn shop who reveal that claire pawn all the jewel and tell he a false story . he check the police record for steal jewelry and find all the piece there . he call the police who find claire and bring she into the station .
53 he check the police record for steal jewelry and find all the piece there . he call the police who find claire and bring she into the station . they also bring lucy into the station who deny that claire be she partner however when she find out that claire pawn all the jewel she become outrage and have a fight with she and then tell the police that claire really be she accomplice .
38 the dr. samuel d. mercer house be build in 1885 at 3920 cuming street in the historic walnut hill neighborhood of omaha nebraska . a grand mansion build in the queen anne style the home be the crown jewel of the neighborhood mercer platt in the 1880s . in the 1880s the city s cable car stop at the mercer house . mead and hunt .
31 it be release on february 16th 2004 . it be release in two version a standard 14-track edition and a limited 16-track edition . the standard edition come in a regular jewel case with a black album color while the limited edition come as a digipak with a cream-white album cover .
39 it be release on january 20 2006 . like the band s previous album zelluloid moderne zeiten be release in two version a standard 14-track edition and a limited 16-track edition . the standard edition come in a regular jewel case with a pinkish-brown album color while the limited edition come as a digipak with a white album cover .
92 two battle be fight nearby . in 738 at the battle of uchbad ballyshannon grid reference n78830 aed allin defeat the laigin and establish kildare’s hegemony over the kingship of leinster that would last nearly 300 year journal of the kildare historical and archaeological society volume iii pp425-452 . in 1642 james butler earl of ormond defeat his second cousin richard butler lord mountgarrett on the high grounds of kilrush and bullhill a victory be consider so important that the english house of commons vote he £500 for the purchase of a jewel and petition the king to create he a knight of the garter . the site have since then be know as battlemount grid reference s 77276 . guillaume le maréchal or william marshall earl of pembroke and son in law of strongbow found an augustinian abbey in kilrush at the start of the thirteenth century which subsist until the suppression of the monasteries in the 1540s journal of the kildare historical and arhcaological society volume xvii pp125-126 .
33 collective personneltrack list chart position for lp from billboard top pop albums chart position for singles from billboard pop singles chart . certain track list as unreleased on the insert card of the jewel case be unedited master of issue track those be indicate with an asterisk and list with the original issue information for the release master . by late 1968 billboard discontinue chart b-side . disc onedisc twodisc threedisc fourdisc five
26 synopsis the youth s error be blame on his age but other say youth should enjoy themselves . the youth make fault into charm like poor-quality jewel on a queen . the folly of the youth appear to be truth like wolf who appear to be lamb and lead the lamb astray . the youth could do the same but should not do so because such behaviour will also reflect badly on the poet .
59 so when she do tell the truth nobody believe she except for the most unlikely person zhong tian qi a runaway young master of a jewelry empire . his belief in she inspire she to become a real jewelry designer instead of a lie scheme jewelry con artist . in the process she teach he the real value of jewel that he be destine to inherit .
5 booksdiscovery series october wind 1994 jewel of the sea 1994 kingdom of gold 1994
10 sprague de camp xiurhn gary myers the city in the jewel lin carter in ygiroth walter c. debill jr. the scroll of morloc clark ashton smith and lin carter
44 santangel have arrange for the majority of the financing for the voyage contribute much of the money from his own pocket and additional money that he have borrow . he do this in order to keep the queen from have to pawn the crown jewel . a bust of luis de santángel in alameda de valéncia.columbus’s first lettercolumbus s letter on the first voyage cover the narrative of his voyage be send to luis de santangel .
4 filmography week-end marriage 1932 jewel robbery 1932 crooner 1932 two against the world 1932
37 he be award one of businessweek magazine’s 2005 annual star of asia awards . he be cite by institutional investor as one of its 50 top influencer in the finance industry . in 2004 he receive the jewel of india award . in 2008 joe be name a young global leader by the world economic forum and be a term member of the council on foreign relations . he also serve on the board of company include screampoint and docgenix .
42 the player take on the role of a hero on a quest to defeat an evil demon name varalys who have turn the princess of hydlide into three fairy . before confront varalys the hero must find the fairy and three magical jewel to restore the princess to she regular self .
21 # on the run link wray/bobby howard/steve verroca 5:45 # son of a simple man link wray/steve verroca 4:22 # precious jewel roy acuff 2:14 # day before custer link wray/steve verroca 4:01 # gandy dancer link wray/bobby howard/steve verroca 3:30
43 it be to the east of the lake griffin state park and cover part of lake and marion county . in december 1974 it be designate a national natural landmark . emeralda marsh national natural landmark emeralda marsh conservation area emeralda marsh the jewel of lake county bird watch at emeralda marsh it be one of the site along the great florida birding trail . emeralda marsh conservation area great florida birding trail site
46 soon after burger be introduce to the daytime audience as co-host of abc s mike and maty . a two-year run with that show lead to the new family challenge and a year and a half gig as co-host of home and family . the crown jewel of game show be next . “hosting match game be the show i could have grow old with . i actually ache at the end of taping from laugh so hard ” throw in a cable ace award nomination and sell out stand up performance around the country and you get the idea that he love what he do and so do the people that watch .
27 in 1970 dixie davis die of a heart attack in his home after learn that two masked gunman have bind his wife and grandson and have steal jewel fur and cash . new york times . january 1 1970 thursday .
45 january 1 1970 thursday . bel-air california december 31 1970 upi j. richard dixie davis former new york gangland lawyer die of a heart attack in his home here yesterday after learn that two masked gunman have bind his wife and grandson and have steal jewel fur and cash . he be 65 year old .
27 ever after novellum from once upon a star anthology once upon novella 2 of 6 jove inner harbor chesapeake bay or quinn bros. 3 of 4 jove jewel of the sun irish trilogy or gallaghers of ardmore 1 of 3 jove loyalty in death in death 9 berkley the macgregors alan grant compilation all the possibility and one man s art the macgregors 3 4 of 9 silhouette
60 raven the secret temple be a bbc scotland child s adventure game show and the second spin-off to the main series raven . it comprise one series which air first on the cbbc channel and then during cbbc on bbc one in the uk in 2007 . in this series warrior compete as team and attempt to collect as many jewel as possible by complete fourteen task so that they may find and enter the secret temple .
73 however in contrast the warrior be split into four team of four each under a different standard and different colour of clothing the panther purple the eagles red the wolves orange and the tigers yellow . each have a team leader which be decide initially by two challenge for each team the winner become the leader . each day the team complete separately one of fourteen different challenge in an attempt to collect jewel which may be use to bring a team member back should they be eliminate .
59 in further contrast to the main raven series there be no life for each warrior . if a warrior be lose during a challenge for instance run out of time in a time game the warrior be eliminate . satyarani who govern the rule of the challenge decree that a warrior may be bring back in exchange for eight jewel should the team choose to do so however this may only occur once for each warrior . should a warrior be eliminate twice they may not be bring back regardless of whether the team have enough jewel to do so .
80 if a warrior be lose during a challenge for instance run out of time in a time game the warrior be eliminate . satyarani who govern the rule of the challenge decree that a warrior may be bring back in exchange for eight jewel should the team choose to do so however this may only occur once for each warrior . should a warrior be eliminate twice they may not be bring back regardless of whether the team have enough jewel to do so .
33 seven virtue must be complete before the warrior may enter the secret temple and each have two trial for the warrior to complete make fourteen challenge in all . in each challenge four jewel be available to be win .
8 temple spirit run bag contain either sand or jewel be suspend from the ceiling and be raise and lower repeatedly . the warrior must run and jump to grab the bag and find one of four that contain a jewel and present it to the sole spirit guard keep watch before the time run out lest he eliminate they from their quest .
39 temple spirit run bag contain either sand or jewel be suspend from the ceiling and be raise and lower repeatedly . the warrior must run and jump to grab the bag and find one of four that contain a jewel and present it to the sole spirit guard keep watch before the time run out lest he eliminate they from their quest .
35 waters of time speed be of the essence in this challenge where the warrior must run carry water from one side to the long container at the other . fill the container raise the precious jewel so that the warrior may reach in and receive their reward . if the jewel be not hold when the second drum beat the warrior will be eliminate .
50 waters of time speed be of the essence in this challenge where the warrior must run carry water from one side to the long container at the other . fill the container raise the precious jewel so that the warrior may reach in and receive their reward . if the jewel be not hold when the second drum beat the warrior will be eliminate .
17 elimination jenro of the tigers who be not bring back as the team do not have enough jewel to do so and also that jenro be injure hold his hip jenro be about to get his jem but the drum sound and the serpent take he as he be tip the water in .
38 obelisks of the sun the warrior must reconstruct a shatter statue by carry the piece to the top of the hill and assemble they within the time limit . do so will focus the sunlight to produce a jewel failure to do so will result in the warrior s elimination .
49 chariots each warrior sit in a chariot that they must move forward by pull on a guide rope and tug themselves over the bump that block an otherwise speedy path . they must collect the piece of tube along the way that when construct allow they to unhook a jewel bag string high overhead . failure to do retrieve a jewel and make it back to the start within the time limit will end the warrior s quest .
60 chariots each warrior sit in a chariot that they must move forward by pull on a guide rope and tug themselves over the bump that block an otherwise speedy path . they must collect the piece of tube along the way that when construct allow they to unhook a jewel bag string high overhead . failure to do retrieve a jewel and make it back to the start within the time limit will end the warrior s quest .
17 bridge/stepping stones the team of warrior must traverse a set of rock without touch the ground collect jewel bag along the way that may contain either pebble or jewel . should they touch the ground they will be eliminate . bridge provide the warrior with plank of wood they may use to cross from stone to stone .
28 bridge/stepping stones the team of warrior must traverse a set of rock without touch the ground collect jewel bag along the way that may contain either pebble or jewel . should they touch the ground they will be eliminate . bridge provide the warrior with plank of wood they may use to cross from stone to stone .
49 thrall thread a tangled web await the team of warrior who must traverse through the thread without knock any of they as this will cause bell attach to the string to ring alert the spirit guard to their presence and punish they for their carelessness via elimination . several jewel bag be attach in hard-to-reach position delicately connect to the thread themselves .
54 pillars of courage courage be test as each warrior must traverse the gap between a set of sturdy pillar from one side of a building to the other . failure to find this courage or loose footing result in the warrior fall will see that warrior s quest come to an abrupt end . jewel bag be suspend above each pillar for those warrior brave enough to reach high above they .
53 the ledge courage be once again test at great height each warrior task with make their way from one side of a building to the other with a thin ledge their only path . any warrior who lack the courage or should fall will no longer be a part of the quest . jewel bag may be reach above a warrior s head .
35 enchanted demons the warrior must each pick up a rope connect to the centre of a circle guard by spirit guard and use the hook in the centre to pick up a casket contain the jewel . the guard normally keep in slumber owing to an enchantment read by an old man nearby will wake when the rope be take up and the man become silent and begin to pace round the circle become ever faster . should the guard touch either the warrior or the rope that warrior will be eliminate .
30 field of the dead one warrior be elect to be blindfold and be guide by another warrior through a time-worn field that be once host to a great battle . jewel bag be suspend in strategic location the blindfolded warrior must be careful not to touch the many strew sword weaponry skull and fall man or they too will find their end on this field .
14 rangoli ring a set of symbol be place around a large circle with the jewel place on a pillar in the centre . however the circle will erupt into flame if approach unless the warrior be able to draw the correct symbol miss from three of the surround circle . the warrior must identify the correct complete draw from the five present to they and transcribe the three missing symbol accurately into the empty circle use the colour powder provide and within the time limit or the jewel will be lose .
87 rangoli ring a set of symbol be place around a large circle with the jewel place on a pillar in the centre . however the circle will erupt into flame if approach unless the warrior be able to draw the correct symbol miss from three of the surround circle . the warrior must identify the correct complete draw from the five present to they and transcribe the three missing symbol accurately into the empty circle use the colour powder provide and within the time limit or the jewel will be lose . on complete the symbol any mistake make will cause the fire to erupt when a stone be toss into the centre whilst a correct set of symbol will allow they to pass freely and collect the jewel as their reward .
105 however the circle will erupt into flame if approach unless the warrior be able to draw the correct symbol miss from three of the surround circle . the warrior must identify the correct complete draw from the five present to they and transcribe the three missing symbol accurately into the empty circle use the colour powder provide and within the time limit or the jewel will be lose . on complete the symbol any mistake make will cause the fire to erupt when a stone be toss into the centre whilst a correct set of symbol will allow they to pass freely and collect the jewel as their reward .
50 riddle trap a riddle be read to the warrior by satyarani who must complete the sum and identify the corresponding symbol from the result in their book . on find the correct symbol a warrior must traverse the walkway ahead of they use only that symbol and retrieve the four jewel that lie at the far side of the path . on do so two spiked wall will begin to close in and the warrior must make it back to the start point before the wall close in on they . stepping on the wrong symbol in haste will cause jewel to be lose .
72 on find the correct symbol a warrior must traverse the walkway ahead of they use only that symbol and retrieve the four jewel that lie at the far side of the path . on do so two spiked wall will begin to close in and the warrior must make it back to the start point before the wall close in on they . stepping on the wrong symbol in haste will cause jewel to be lose .
26 giant catapult aiming skill be test as the warrior must fire rock from a giant catapult to knock down as many of the four jar contain jewel as they can .
18 archery the warrior must fire twelve arrow at target that open and close repeatedly in order that the jewel bag drop from the target above . they must also be mindful of the spirit guard that approach from behind advance ever closer as time wear on .
21 the gulley at the conclusion of the fourteen task satyarani allow passage to the final for the team with the most jewel gain from the task . of the remain three team only those that be able to complete the gulley be allow through . this challenge consist of a crawl underneath a rope section where aksu be about to get up but be eliminate follow by shield on rope where desot have trouble which the warrior have to pull and finally a climb over a wall of boulder and yonra be about to get up when she be blast by nevar .
33 1600 who interpret the vachana from a purely philosophical and meta-physical context . shiva prakash 1997 pp . 188 189 in the keladi court notable work on doctrine such as virasaivadharma siromani crest jewel of the moral order of the veerashaivas and virasaivananda chandrike moonlight to delight the veerashaivas be write . nagaraj 2003 p . 378 a new genre of mystic kaivalya literature a synthesis of the veerashaiva and the advaitha monistic philosophy consolidate from the 16th century onward . while the most famous writings be ascribe to nijaguna shivayogi c .
14 by edward packard 10 . the lost jewels of nabooti reissue as the lost jewel by r. a. montgomery 11 . mystery of the maya by r. a. montgomery
40 the demon sword which can only be handle by the maoh . yuri set out on a journey to find it and once he be find it reluctantly take it with he on most adventure . morgif originally have a jewel on its forehead that serve as the source of his power . it fall out when cheri-sama drop morgif . yuri give the jewel to yozak and tell he to do whatever he want with it .
28 morgif originally have a jewel on its forehead that serve as the source of his power . it fall out when cheri-sama drop morgif . yuri give the jewel to yozak and tell he to do whatever he want with it . kyo kara maoh anime episode 7 the jewel be not return until much later when morgif have to fight a powerful holy sword . kyo kara maoh anime episode 55 that be not to say morgif be helpless without his jewel .
32 it fall out when cheri-sama drop morgif . yuri give the jewel to yozak and tell he to do whatever he want with it . kyo kara maoh anime episode 7 the jewel be not return until much later when morgif have to fight a powerful holy sword . kyo kara maoh anime episode 55 that be not to say morgif be helpless without his jewel . the extent of his power without that source be a mystery and his power with it be say to be limitless .
57 yuri give the jewel to yozak and tell he to do whatever he want with it . kyo kara maoh anime episode 7 the jewel be not return until much later when morgif have to fight a powerful holy sword . kyo kara maoh anime episode 55 that be not to say morgif be helpless without his jewel . the extent of his power without that source be a mystery and his power with it be say to be limitless .
77 since he be the maoh s sword and nothing the maoh own be ever ordinary morgif be a sword with a personality of a cheerfully lecherous old man . murata have be the great sage daikenja in his former life mention that morgif have change a lot apparently morgif use to have a young and handsome face and a soothe counter-tenor voice . kyo kara maoh anime episode 32 when the stone of the dragon king a jewel belong to the royal family be stolen yuri use morgif to help find it reasoning that morgif see the thief . however it just turn out that cheri take it to use it as a centerpiece of she necklace leave an iou for it in the treasure room . kyo kara maoh anime episode 9
66 when gabi and antonio end up trap in an exploding building they think they would die and so they give in to their love for each other and they sleep together and a camera film they . the tape of their sexual intercourse be later use by francesca vargas to pinkmail antonio and gabi . meanwhile both gabi antonio and ricardo be involve in a rosario jewel story .
63 after abduct by lem he find out he coincidentally he to the god house . he be surprise that the house hold profe since the 5th district with the raggs territory . after lem s soul be free by labrador he receive the curse ticket and depart from ouka after give she a doll he make at the church in exchange for a jewel she give he and they tell each other their real name .
27 frau mistake teito take ouka on a date which embarrass both of they . like teito she think frau be a pervert . she give teito a jewel that belong to she mother as a farewell gift and in exchange he give she a doll he make which she would always treasure .before part they tell each other their real name cause the eye to activate and attempt to kill he but she snap out of it upon hakuren s arrival .
50 after finish the accountancy high school she enter the university and get a business and administration master . be particularly fond of all kind of economic issue she father andrea entrust she the administration of the firm and the supervision of the financial and human resource department . she love jewel and brand clothes such as chanel’s and gucci’s . she be always in search of new fashion-trend . she particular interest for accessory give she the chance of create a niche in the firm for the development of a new leather-accessory collection .
12 summary a pivotal scene from the denouement of robert e. howard s jewel of gwahlur short story in which conan rescue muriela from the servants of bit-yakin .
44 his parent die when he be five year as a result of the plague which break out after the great northern war . gotzkowsky grow up with relative in dresden . as a 14-year-old he travel to berlin his brother establish he in his jewel and trinket shop . he quickly acquire customer in the highest circle . in 1745 he marry the daughter of a rich lace maker .
35 you be meant for i film a 1948 musical star dan dailey you be meant for i 1929 song a pop standard write by arthur freed and nacio herb brown you be meant for i jewel song
54 when horatio and yelina pay a visit to his widow she assume they have come about their son . she be devastate when they tell she that she husband have be kill . it turn out their six-year-old son be take from his martial art class and the kidnapper demand three million dollar in jewel as ransom . the captain be to hand over the jewel on the yacht . the team soon discover why the handover go awry .
46 she be devastate when they tell she that she husband have be kill . it turn out their six-year-old son be take from his martial art class and the kidnapper demand three million dollar in jewel as ransom . the captain be to hand over the jewel on the yacht . the team soon discover why the handover go awry . the diamond be fake .
52 konner begin as a television writer write for the show little house on the prairie family and remington steele . he and rosenthal first work together on the motion picture the legend of billie jean which become a cult classic in rental . this be follow by such mainstream film as the jewel of the nile superman iv the quest for peace star trek vi the undiscovered country the beverly hillbillies and mercury rise .
123 he foil a robbery and then a plot to make he look guilty the bank manager be so please with his honesty that he give inocencio a 1000-peso reward which the grateful man proceed to spend on a new dress for his godmother a traditional regional dress for blanca to wear in a beauty contest and new shoe for himself . while go about his cleaning work in the bank inocencio unwittingly drop the lawyer s letter which he still have yet to read and a fellow employee with a grudge against he find the item on the floor . on the day of the contest aníbal and the bank employee conspire to make it appear that blanca have steal she employer s jewel and pass they to inocencio . though both be arrest the trial be cut short when the bank employee discover aníbal have betray he and go alone to claim the inheritance leave the employee to reveal the whole plot . inocencio and his friend rush to mexico city to thwart the attempt and denounce aníbal who be arrest at the lawyer s office after he arrive to claim the fund .
13 award 2003 xrco award nominee – girl/girl – babes in pornland 14 with jewel de’nyle xrco.com . . 2004 avn award nominee – best new starlet
30 . . 2004 avn award nominee – best new starlet 2004 avn award nominee – best all-girl sex scene in a video – babes in pornland bubble butt babes with jewel de’nyle 2004 avn award nominee – best sex scene coupling in a video – chasing the big ones 17 with lexington steele 2004 avn award nominee – best three-way sex scene in a video – hot bods tail pipe 26 with daisy marie mark ashley trent brown .
72 diamond eventually spread throughout the world even though india have remain the only major source of the gemstone until the discovery of diamond in brazil . lee 2006 p . 685 a chinese work from the 3rd century bc mention foreigner wear it diamond in the belief that it can ward off evil influence . the chinese who do not find diamond in their country initially do not use diamond as a jewel but use as a jade cut knife . the diamond reach ancient rome from india . diamond be also discover in 700 ad in borneo and be use by the trader of southeast asia .
2 see also jewel of the nizams jacob diamond darya-e nur
46 with only merchant and diplomat leave to trade and communicate with other dwarve generally spend their life around or in their homeland mine metal and precious mineral and tend natural resource near the area they favor for their city . they then turn those metal stone jewel and wood into weapon armor and craft of stunning beauty and legendary strength .
84 he work as farmhand in texas apothecary dishwasher translator for the german western post in st . louis and as journalist in san francisco . in the year 1898 he find himself as part of the us army reporting on the battle of signal hill in cuba.this stage of his life be document in his novel der deutsche lausbub in amerika which translate as the german prankster in america . have return to germany and subsequently try to escape a fail relationship with his jewel as he call she he join the french foreign legion sign his 5 year contract on october 6 1905 he become legionnaire 17889 . fortunately after 2 year he be able to escape and eventually publish his experience as in the foreign legion 1910
60 the complex be build around a miraculous icon which accord to tradition be find after the virgin appear to the nun st . pelagia and reveal to she the place where the icon be bury . the icon be widely believe to be the source of numerous miracle . it be by now almost completely encase in silver gold and jewel and be commonly refer to as the megalócharē she of great grace or simply the chárē tēs she grace . by extension the church be often call the same and be consider a protectress of seafarer and healer of the infirm .
2 summary official jewel case cover image for guardian war . license
65 inside an open courtyard will contain shop which will act as a hub as people pass through from surround street and the canal at gas street basin . the outside will be clothe in a golden anodised aluminium framework with window cleverly place for the best view and sunlight but give an impression of randomness like a game of tetris . hewitson jessie 2006-07-14 the jewel in the town
80 of significance to follower of the group be the inclusion of alternative version of extant mott the hoople song a vocal version of you really get me the discard mix of thunderbuck ram and early demo tape of song that be later record for their all the young dudes album once the band have leave island and sign to columbia records one of the boys ride on the sun better know as sea diver and black scorpio momma s little jewel . until i be go be an otherwise unreleased ralphs track of note .
1 musician jewel 1974 singer-songwriter actress philanthropist and author swiss roots jewel kilcher karina lombard 1969 singer and actress cyndi lauper 1953 singer-songwriter and actress
53 accord to contemporary dzogchen teacher namkhai norbu lopön tenzin namdak and tenzin wangyal the perceive reality and the phenomenal world be consider to be ultimately unreal — an illusion refer mahamaya a dream a phantasmagoria a thoughtform . all appearance and phenomenon be a dream or thoughtform inter and intra reflect and refract jewel and mirror of possibility and potentiality arising in relationship or dependent co-arising . it be hold by these lineage and due to the realisation of the sadhana that the dream of life and regular nightly dream be not dissimilar and that in their quintessential nature be non-dual . the non-essential difference between the general dreaming state and the general waking experience be that the latter be generally more concrete and link with attachment samskara and skanda whereas standard non-lucid dreaming be ephemeral and transient and generally culturally reinforce as baseless and empty .
34 the ante-chamber show furniture and tutankhamun s personal item he have be bury with . the burial chamber exhibit the sarcophagus and coffin of tutankhamun . the treasure hall show recreation of statue and jewel find within the tomb of tutankhamun . sit statue of anubis the golden throne gold death mask and statue of guardian goddess selkit be display among other item .
41 myst be know throughout the world as the most beautiful valkyrie part chillingly fierce warrior part beguile seductress who can “make you want she even as she’s kill you . ” she have devote she life to protect an ancient powerful jewel and to fight the vampire and she now see a way to torment one—for with wroth’s heartbeat come consume sexual desire that can only be slake by she .
17 she elude he for five year but he have finally chase she to ground and steal the jewel which command she give he absolute power over she . while he possess it he can make she do anything and he plan to in order for she to experience first hand the agonizing unending lust she’d purposely boastingly subject he to for half a decade . yet when wroth realize he want more from she and free she will she come back to he
47 the best range be use for the playstation until 2000 when the psone and psone book range be release . these game be top sell popular title that be make available again in a low-priced version under this new label . these game do not come in jewel case like other playstation game but instead come in a slim type box like cd maxi singles . the game therefore do not feature a manual and usually only explain the basic control on the inside of the front cover . the software contain on the disc be usually the original retail game however bug fix be apply for a few title .
22 map of roman road of britain inc . wales 58 page of artifact and place associate with roman wales on gather the jewel the website of welsh cultural history iron age and roman coins in wales a study by cardiff university
20 george constantine be make archdeacon of brecon . 1565 blanche parry be appoint keeper of the queen s book and jewel . 1568 may 26 a congress of bard and musician take place at caerwys on the order of a commission appoint by queen elizabeth i of england .
55 in 1831 lord dudley commission wyatt to sculpt his favourite hound bashaw offer to pay the then astronomical sum of 5,000 guinea for the finished work . bashaw be take to wyatt s studio in london around 50 time to sit for the sculptor . lord dudley donate persian topaz and sardonyx from the family jewel collection for the sculpture s eye . however lord dudley die in 1833 before it be complete and his executor refuse to pay wyatt his fee so he retain the sculputure exhibit it several time include at the great exhibition of 1851 . the victorian peeper nineteenth-century britain through the look glass
29 pendilia from latin pendulus hang be ornament for a crown or a kamelaukion . the term be commonly use in coin collecting . pendilia be depict on coin as jewel or pearl hang from the side of the crown . pendilia occur frequently on coin of byzantine emperor .
43 the series follow the adventure and exploit of the beresfords who have recently take over the run of a detective agency base in london and each episode feature one of the story from the book . among these be a quest for miss jewel the investigation of poltergeist and a story involve poisoned chocolate .
10 the wheel-like tib. khor lo crown ornament sometimes call crown jewel tib. gtsug gi nor bu symbolic of akshobhya and mirror-like pristine awareness Ādarśa-jñāna earings tib. rna cha representent of amitabha and pristine awareness of discernment pratyavekṣaṇa-jñāna necklace tib. mgul rgyan symbolize ratnasambhava and pristine awareness of total sameness samatā-jñāna
17 consecration from the official website of the norwegian royal family . retrieve on 2009-09-16 . the crown jewel be display but not bestow during this ceremony reflect a modern rejection of the medieval christian concept that a crowned and anointed monarch be god s highest temporal representative in his or she nation .
49 he die at venice . the woodcut for the contemporary fashion book de gli habiti antichi e modérni di diversi parti di mondo publish in venice in 1590 by cesare in large may belong to christopher krieger from nuremberg . cesare also publish a book of print depict the jewel of royal crown title corona delle nobili e virtuose donne 1591 .
0 jewel be a supporter s album by einstürzende neubauten complete in mid-2007 . instead of be release as a full album it be release digitally one track at a time available as website download only to subscriber of the phase iii supporter project consist of 15 jewels as the band call they . start in march 2006 these downloadable track be release on or around the 15th of each month and be draw from singer blixa bargeld s dream .
23 the mongoose strikes again detective fiction weekly may 7 1932 short story smoke of revenge detective fiction weekly sep 3 1932 short story jewel of the rajah detective fiction weekly sep 17 1932 short story ransom for vengeance detective fiction weekly nov 26 1932 short story profit for the mongoose detective fiction weekly feb 25 1933 short story
29 collecting 5 weapon give the player temporarily increase fire power . collecting 5 musical instrument temporarily allow the player to fall from height without be hurt . collecting 5 jewel give the player temporary invincibility .
21 in 1587 montmorency request that repair be make to the drawbridge at the saint-pierre gate a gate which today be the jewel of the forget rampart .
37 i do not know what it be be a song write and perform by canadian-american singer-songwriter rufus wainwright . it be the first single from the wainwright s third studio album want one release in a slim-line jewel case format on july 26 2004 . rufuswainwright.com . .
30 origin of sree vidya ramayanam to kill the asura lalitha originate from the chith agni kundam and after kill asura she marry lord kameshwara form of lord shiva adorn with jewel . every body be happy . but gauthama be still think of agalya .
10 janet jackson r&b junkie janet jackson son of a gun jewel intuition jocelyn enriquez all my life jocelyn enriquez make i an angel
29 plot summary when mr. and mrs. lane invite charming french woman annette reynaud to their brownstone for dinner with the family they have no idea that she be a jewel burglar whose real name be michelle and that mrs. lane s younger brother richard duffy have know michelle from his past .
20 non-recurring character annette reynaud a name use by michelle when befriending mr. and mrs. lane . michelle la blanc a jewel burglar whom richard get to know seven year before in paris . armand duval a nice policeman approach by richard for help . bonaparte prefect of police in nice duval s superior .
46 william barnewall establish the barnewall memorial fund and give she family silver and personal jewelry to the church . the silver be melt and cast into a cross which now stand upon the altar . the latter be use to make a gold chalice stud with jewel some 200 precious stone be use . this chalice be say to be the handsomest in the country . in 1900 the rev. matthew brewster d.d. become rector .
26 on january 31 2004 the amarna princess return to pride of place at bolton museum where it be expect to be a huge drawcard as the jewel in the crown of the museum s highly regard egyptian collection . it be set among other item of the same era include sculpture . the museum s egyptian curator angela thomas speculate it may even be the case that this will lead on to we get further fund to do more .
64 the kid’s desire to learn martial art lead he to be in the middle of an ancient battle until everyone close to he his family and friend be place in danger . what be the connection of fei and master kung to lembot and the crazy man wu lee also task kung to hide the ruby heart of shen li liang a shine sacred jewel a student name fei sacrifice his life in protect the shen li liang . kung fu kids summon red dragon to combine their power together by red heart .
6 plot after a prison stretch for jewel robbery three beautiful woman search for a pearl necklace the police never find . unfortunately for they the warehouse where they hide it sell the pearl for back storage fee to three furniture repairman moe larry and shemp . the girl follow the stooge to their shop and pretend to flirt with they as a distraction so they can search the shop for the necklace .
10 the group begin sing as the impalas in 1961 the jewel at allmusic.com its member have attend roosevelt high school and sing in trinity ame zion church . martha high at allmusic.com
72 its author be the magister heinrich taub or heinrich der taube heinrich the deaf or henricus surdus of selbach who officiate as chaplain at st . willibald s in eichstätt and die about 1364 . practically nothing have be learn of his life . we only know that he journey to rome in 1350 for the purpose of gain the jubilee indulgence and that in 1361 in nuremberg he admire the crown jewel then exhibit in honour of the christening of the new-born imperial prince wenceslaus . various conjecture have be make as to the personality of the author but nothing certain have be establish . the chronicle itself particularly in its second part have some importance and be first edit by freher in rerum germanicarum scriptores i 411-52 frankfurt-am-main 1600 2nd ed . 1634 again by gewold ingolstadt 1618 later by struve strasbourg 1717 and finally by böhmer-huber in fontes rerum germanicarum iv 1868 507-68 .
0 jewel of the nile be the third album by rap duo nice smooth . the album be release on june 28 1994 on def jam recordings sub-label ral records and be produce by greg nice smooth b. and little louie vega . the album be only mildly successful make it as high as #66 on the billboard 200 and # 13 on the top r&b/hip-hop albums chart .
34 downfall in 1814 with acute foresight ducos anticipate the fall of napoleon and in the wake and decide to betray the cause he have serve so zealously for year . he steal the imperial jewel and treasury in the process implicate sharpe in the crime and retire to the comfort of a villa in naples . unfortunately for ducos he be once again outdo by sharpe who escape from custody track duco down and bring he back to paris to be execute by a firing squad for murder and theft of the valuable belong to the french state .
46 a teenage gothic band head for a gig in a remote province . during the long journey not many of the young band member talk too much while their manager hans jojo alejar keep complain why he be the one who should drive . meanwhile tonee jewel mische and ian felix roco who be long-estranged couple ignore each other . vince mart escudero the leader s band and richard matt evans have a small commotion only to be stop by richard s ex-girlfriend dang melissa ricks .
30 the castle be personally design by prince karl eusebius of liechtenstein an avid devotee to the art of building . know then as plumenau castle it be intend as a jewel of baroque architecture . after the second world war the castle be take from its owner by the communist government . now in possession of the local government in plumlov attempt to restore the building to its original voluptuous form of bohemian baroque have meet with acute financial shortcoming .
4 professional tournament the crown jewel of the waterloo open be the professional and senior professional golf tournament . 192 professional compete in a one day qualife shoot-out on saturday at irv warren golf course . after saturday s round a cut be make and the top 60 golfer in the open division as well as the top 20 golfer in the senior division play a second round on sunday for the championship .
49 there be naga kingdom king and temple . naga kingdom have exist in nagadipa modern day jaffna peninsula and kelaniya in gautama buddha s time . the mahavamsa mention that lord buddha use his iddhus or yogic power to visit nagadipa by air to resolve a crisis over a jewel throne between the naga king chulodara and mahodara and introduce buddhism to they . later gautama buddha visit kelaniya follow the invitation of naga king maniakkhika . king dutugamunu have a legendary relationship with the naga people .
41 legend have it that some time prior to she marriage to joshua collins naomi be involve with an unscrupulous mariner who present she with his pirate horde of looted gemstone . this finery would later become know as the collins family jewel . the story itself though never confirm be commonly refer to as the legend of naomi collins .
17 she be bury in the collins family mausoleum at eagle hill cemetery . the legendary collins family jewel be say to be bury with she .
93 one day in the local yacht club bar he meet walter an alcoholic ex-soldier who tell he an improbable tale of a hidden treasure . when walter be a prisoner of war in fascist italy he manage to escape with a small band of allied prisoner include an afrikaner name coertze and some italian partisan and wage a guerillum campaign for several month in the hill of liguria against the nazi germans . towards the end of the war their band ambush a truck convoy which contain a massive treasure in gold bar jewel and even the state crown of ethiopia . rather than turn the treasure over to the authority they hide the truck in an abandon mine and seal the entrance . now that the war be over the treasure be for the claim provide that they can think of some way to smuggle it past italian custom .
40 lohse flee paris in august 1944 and briefly serve in one of göring s safe berlin regiment before travel to neuschwanstein castle in february 1945 where a major cache of art loot in france as well as the rothschild family jewel have be safely store . nicholas lynn . the rape of europa knopf 1994 pp .
30 historical associations the execution of charles i in 1649 inspired numerous image on medal ring pendant and locket . the object range from modest ornament like this one to gold jewel as well as reliquary that contain fragment of material soak in the blood of the execute king .
56 many of the item be collect by lloyd bingham and some be sell when it be discover that bingham s estate amount to less than $ 5,000 . in 1925 two thief steal $ 1,500 in jewelry from the home . bingham s quick thinking prevent they from notice a bag which contain $ 20,000 in jewel .
6 port washington picturesque port washington . jewel of the lake michigan shore . potosi-tennyson catfish capital of wisconsin prairie du chien wisconsin s second oldest settlement where great river meet
66 a critical requirement for accuracy be low static friction stiction in the bearing of the pendulum this be achieve by various means range from double ball bear with a superimposed oscillatory motion to dither the bearing above its threshold or through the use of gaseous or fluid bearing or by the alternative method of float the gyroscope in a fluid and restrain the residual mass by jewel bearing or electromagnetic means . although this later method still have the viscous friction of the fluid this be linear and have no threshold and have the advantage of have minimal static friction . another aspect be the accurate control of the gyroscope s rotational rate .
100 at one point in the story and while try to traverse a cave to the other side titicaca get trap after a cave-in and the rest of the troop have to travel without he . the gang have to use their head in order to pass through a maze and later on to solve another puzzle in order to get the map to el dorado . this rough map in addition to another they acquire from a jealous princess lead they to the gate of el dorado where pepero discover that his father be be accuse of steal the imperial jewel . pepero in the nick of time discover that his father be be frame by the head of the police and end up prove his father s innocence and expose the cheating official . the whole gang be later take to meet the emperor and his family and there it be that he discover that kayna be actually the princess and that she have lose she memory when a group of conspirator try to kill she off .
10 basketballsave mart center bulldog basketball squad play at the crown jewel of the wac the save mart center . this facility use to house the echl s fresno falcons hockey team and be regularly on the pollstar list of top 25 concert and entertainment venue by attendance .
7 selected filmography four hour to kill 1935 jewel robbery 1932 the sins of the child 1930 child of pleasure 1930
5 track list # take the jewel 2:35 # no doubt 2:47 # drink fight fuck 1:48
28 george and emily track down marcato to his antique shop and demand to know what his involvement be . he tell they about the evil symbolism of the jewel and suggest that susie have absorb its energy . he also tell the skeptical couple to at least make sure she doesnt have the amulet in she possession . when george and emily find the amulet in susie s bedroom drawer she appear to they glow with an unearthly blue light and then faint .
61 jimmy owens also know as the newport nightmare be a dirt late model driver from newport tennessee . owens win 4 ump modified national championships before move up to super late model where he have also have success . rather than follow a touring series he opt for the outlaw mentality travel where he choose and hit all of the crown jewel similar to scott bloomquist .
13 vanity press by james polk being at home with claude by rene-daniel dubois jewel by joan macleod dixieland s night of shame by alan williams hosanna by michel tremblay1987-1988
32 in 1994 long island records re-master and re-issue time for the first time on cd in a special number edition limit to 2000 copy worldwide . it feature a gold cd a jewel case with gold stamp letter a poster with history and a new expand booklet with lyric .
75 in the early halcyon day of the reign elizabeth and she future husband be member of the king s inner social circle and perform regularly in the masque and dance that be among his favorite pastime . henry almost certainly arrange their marriage he attend their wedding and endow they with a gift of 50 mark worth of land . in those year the king shower lady carew with beautiful diamond and pearl and innumerable jewel .
47 in 1514 there be rumor that elizabeth carew be the mistress of henry viii although it may have be his brother-in-law charles brandon 1st duke of suffolk who be the object of she affection . the king make huge present to she over the year include royal jewel . p.7 the mistresses of henry viii by kelly hart
22 xiv. new york 1912 robert appleton . signor monaldini s niece 1879 in the no name series by the tiber 1881 the jewel in the lotus 1884 aurora 1885 the two coronets 1887 and san salvador 1889 be issue by the most prominent literary publisher and win she great fame . they reflect for the most part the beauty of italy . she last book fittingly call autumn leaf 1898 be issue by a catholic firm and contain matter contribute not long before to the catholic world .
6 agrilus be a large genus of jewel beetle . these be metallic woodboring beetle some of which be notorious pest .
48 valentina be study drama in kharkov at the outbreak of the bolshevik revolution in 1917 . she meet financier george schlee d . 3 october 1974 in paris who would later become she husband at the sebastopol railway station as she be flee the country with she family jewel . there be some question as to whether they be legally wed . schlee be most famous for have an affair with screen siren greta garbo .
0 jewel of gwahlur be a 1979 collection of two fantasy short story write by robert e. howard feature his sword and sorcery hero conan the barbarian . the book be publish in 1979 by donald m. grant publisher inc. as volume viius of their deluxe conan set . the title story originally appear in the magazine weird tales .
1 contents jewel of gwahlur the snout in the dark
45 3 ep collection be a set of 3 ep by josé gonzález release in taiwan in 2007 . the set feature the crosses remain and stay in the shade eps with their original tracklisting artwork and lyric sheet in cardboard sleeve contain in an extra-thick jewel box with obi-strip . the set be release exclusively to taiwan only .
7 the hypatian ipatevskaia chronicle call mstislav the jewel украшение of the russian prince say that he war only for glory despise gold and silver give all his booty to the church and be universally love . ipatevskaia letopis psrl 2 610-11 .
34 he be promote to superintendent in 1896 . swanson be involve in prevent fenian terrorist attack in london during the 1870s and 1880s . other case he be involve in include recover the steal jewel of lady dysart and a steal gainsborough painting as well as act against rent boys blackmail homosexual prostitute in 1897 and in prevent the jameson raid from start a war in south africa . the jack the ripper a to z by paul begg martin fido and keith skinner . pub . by headline book publishing plc 1992 he arrest percy lefroy mapleton percy lefroy mapleton at www .historybytheyard.co.uk the railway murderer in 1881 .
34 their object of worship be an ancient holy weapon of peace an alpha-omega nuclear missile leave over from the 20th century and still operational though its original control have long be replace by carefully-crafted jewel and crystal workings . they see their life s purpose as to guard the divine bomb and to keep watch on the ape should the ape become a threat to their underground life the bomb will be use to destroy they . however what be little understand be that the alpha-omega device which possess a cobalt casing around its warhead be design to ignite the earth s atmosphere and extinguish all life on the planet not just the ape .
32 mad tv . . the twelve track album be write by christos nikolopoulos antonis vardis and dimitris dekos . it be release in three version a standard twelve track album in a jewel case an edition in a rectangular box with a bonus mega-mix cd of thirteen of vertis greatest hit and a version that include a magazine . staff 2009-04-09 . mad tv . .
9 boglárka be a popular hungarian female name meaning either jewel or buttercup . behind the name it be the second most popular name for baby girl bear in hungary in 2007 .
61 tomomasa hold the position chi no byakko byakko of earth although he openly admit that he have no real interest in ryuujin no miko and kyou s fate beyond his duty to his sovereign . hachiyou shou anime episode unconfirm probably because of this fact although he be the first hachiyou akane meet he be last one to receive his dragon jewel . in the anime he receive the gem after they rescue akane and run from akuram s grip hachiyou shou episode 13 whereas in the anime it be when he intervene with an onryou again to protect ran . harukanaru toki no naka de manga volume 6
30 whether or not he suspect he might be one of akane s choose can be speculate since he realise early on that he can see the other hachiyou s dragon jewel even when other people cannot . harukanaru toki no naka de manga volume 5 he be still heavily involve in the hachiyou s business even before he receive his jewel .
60 whether or not he suspect he might be one of akane s choose can be speculate since he realise early on that he can see the other hachiyou s dragon jewel even when other people cannot . harukanaru toki no naka de manga volume 5 he be still heavily involve in the hachiyou s business even before he receive his jewel .
61 li tan soon run into conflict with consort zhang and the powerful eunuch li fuguo who be ally and he often accuse consort zhang and li fuguo of impropriety . on one occasion when he praise emperor suzong for follow li mi s recommendation to strip a jewel-studded saddle that emperor xuanzong give to consort zhang as a gift of its jewel and give the jewel to the soldier as reward consort zhang become angry and bear grudge against both he and li mi . further li tan plot to kill consort zhang and li fuguo . consort zhang and li fuguo instead act first falsely accuse li tan of plan to kill li chu to that he could become emperor suzong s heir .
65 li tan soon run into conflict with consort zhang and the powerful eunuch li fuguo who be ally and he often accuse consort zhang and li fuguo of impropriety . on one occasion when he praise emperor suzong for follow li mi s recommendation to strip a jewel-studded saddle that emperor xuanzong give to consort zhang as a gift of its jewel and give the jewel to the soldier as reward consort zhang become angry and bear grudge against both he and li mi . further li tan plot to kill consort zhang and li fuguo . consort zhang and li fuguo instead act first falsely accuse li tan of plan to kill li chu to that he could become emperor suzong s heir .
14 gordon macklin businessman shay kevin j. 2008-02-07 . gazette .net . . bill mason jewel thief lance mason politician shaker heights city school district . 2008-11-07 .
31 milner marc . battle of the atlantic st . catherine on vanwell publishing 2003 p.99 . the other aircraft capable of carry it the avro lancaster be bomber command s crown jewel .
16 trivia the name of the fictional network in the film al johara be arabic for the jewel . johara be not a turkish word and turkish do not use the prefix al . similarly the name abu nazir use by the film s bin laden-esque terrorist be also arabic not turkish .
0 jewel can also refer to
47 the house of chaumet found in 1780 be a high end jeweler base in paris . their flagship store at place vendome in paris greet visitor with a portrait of napoleon s second wife the empress marie louise de habsburg-lorraine . in the painting she be wear jewel make for she by chaumet founder marie-etienne nitot . tiffany co. may be too mid-market for france s lvmh marketwatch
25 atmosphere while the ballpark have an irregular outfield the stadium only sit 2,000 . the stadium have an intimate yet palatial feeling that mirrored other jewel box ballpark such as wrigley field fenway park and tiger stadium . when the disch be new sport houston community newspapers online newer do not necessarily mean better to everybody once when the texas a&m aggies visit clark field the crowd overflow into right field and rowdiness ensue which happen regularly when other visit team play there as well .
13 macodes be one of a few genus of the orchid family know as jewel orchid . these terrestrial orchid grow in the rainforest floor of southeast asia with high humidity and low light . the plant be cultivate for the veined leaf unlike other orchid that be value for the flower .
53 . bushrod washington james a.m. m.d. ll.d. he bequeath us$ 55,000 as well as several property in philadelphia and island beach new jersey to establish the washington james eye and ear institute a free hospital for the treatment of disease of the eye throat and lung . he also provide three house book jewel relic and a us$ 40,000 endowment to establish a library for child and the elderly that eventually become the bushrod branch of the free library of philadelphia . he donate land to the city of oakland california for the establishment of bushrod park and several plot of land to the city of coronado california for the establishment of the bushrod washington james institute . he have also donate a house to the american temperance university in harriman tennessee which become that institution s bushrod w. james hall of domestic science for young ladies .
9 format it be available in various format two separate jewel case cd high-quality 256 kbit/s download by purchase front row club credit at their web page standard-quality download 128 kbit/s legally available on file-sharing network and a deluxe campaign edition contain both cd and special artwork see below . in most of the world initially the physical format be only available via mail-order from the band s website only in the us and poland have the album be available in retail shop from the start . however when only about a third of the expect sale be achieve via mail-order marillion decide to release a worldwide retail version distribute by emi .
6 hamilton murray theater be dub a jewel box of a theater by stuart duncan of the princeton packet . current season the 2009 season be the 41st season of princeton summer theater in its current form .
38 the bulk of the storyline for the psp version take place in various dungeon as the title imply . each dungeon be unlock after various quest be complete by acquire plates and can be level up by insert jewel in say plate . each level be more challenging that the previous one and can be select at any give time . at one point dungeon level progression be stop until an item call a sirius jewel be acquire a reusable item that unlock further dungeon empowerment .
1 the jewel have multiple purpose in addition to power up dungeon they can be consolidated use in alchemy or install onto weapon be armor . these jewel be elemental in nature and match each element of the dungeon which follow a planetary theme neptune saturn jupiter etc in addition each element have a status ailment associate with it .
26 the jewel have multiple purpose in addition to power up dungeon they can be consolidated use in alchemy or install onto weapon be armor . these jewel be elemental in nature and match each element of the dungeon which follow a planetary theme neptune saturn jupiter etc in addition each element have a status ailment associate with it .
63 more and more be dana international s first album to be entirely sing in hebrew and include the single release elef yamím shel ahava qesher a thousand day of love connection lama katavta li shir why do you write i a song nitzachti i win ten li-chyot let live and we-acherey ha-kol and after all . the album be release in a regular jewel case but also as a limited edition which come in a 7 cardboard box . the track list on both edition be identical .
25 2006 pina bausch – nelken and palermo palermo 2007 carlos acosta – season at sadler s wells 2008 the royal ballet – george balanchine s jewel revival 2009 royal ballet of flanders for their performance in impressing the czar at sadler’s wellsreferences
8 the maritime museum of crete be an unexpected jewel in the port of chania .
18 # tomorrow be always too late 4:11 # the way it be get to be 2:36 # the jewel in the sea 3:43 # one fine day 2:31 # search 2:19
45 moti in urdu language mean pearl which designate a perceive preciousness to the religious structure . it be an established practice among mughal emoperor to name the mosque after generic name for gemstone . other such example be mina masjid gem mosque and nagina masjid jewel mosque both locate in agra fort and complete in 1637 under shah jahan s reign . koch 1991 p . 121-22 the mosque build between 1630-35 nath 1982 p . 422 be the first among the mosque with jewel name build by shah jahan in agra fort 1647-53 and his son aurangzeb in the red fort 1659-60 .
68 it be an established practice among mughal emoperor to name the mosque after generic name for gemstone . other such example be mina masjid gem mosque and nagina masjid jewel mosque both locate in agra fort and complete in 1637 under shah jahan s reign . koch 1991 p . 121-22 the mosque build between 1630-35 nath 1982 p . 422 be the first among the mosque with jewel name build by shah jahan in agra fort 1647-53 and his son aurangzeb in the red fort 1659-60 .
3 see also brown jewel
4 7. still waters the jewel from a series of robbery around the world be know to be send to amsterdam to be recut before be sell on . craig join the organisation as a diamond cutter . also star john carson and stratford johns .
45 choose your own adventure nabooti island be the seventh island release on poptropica . this island be make in conjunction with the publisher of choose your own adventure book . choose your own adventure book and poptropica the nabooti tribe be look for five miss jewel from the mysterious nabooti totem . the player fly to various locale across africa to find the jewel and return they .
49 this island be make in conjunction with the publisher of choose your own adventure book . choose your own adventure book and poptropica the nabooti tribe be look for five miss jewel from the mysterious nabooti totem . the player fly to various locale across africa to find the jewel and return they .
50 orissa university of agriculture and technology ouat bhubaneswar india be a multi faculty technical university with the reputation of be a leader in teaching research and extension . it have a glorious history adorn with lot of achievement and honour . centre of post graduate studies have add yet another jewel in its crown . the centre be commit to provide through the pursuit of excellence and the creation of a stimulating and supportive learning environment couple with the highest quality education enable the student to attain their maximum potential .
76 in a report to the deputy attorney general cia official describe the agency as have no active part in the assassination and only a faint connection with the group that plan the killing . justice department memo 1975 national security archive however an internal cia memorandum state that an office of inspector general investigation into trujillo s murder disclose quite extensive agency involvement with the plotter . cia family jewels memo 1973 see page 434 family jewel central intelligence agency)dominican republic 1967 a report to president lyndon b. johnson refer to the guerillum problem be dormant in the dominican republic and we training be provide there . cause and effect be not analyze .
1 eighteen jewel the eighteen magical jewel that sinukuan give to josephine as a protection against the kasamayans . one by one the jewel start to appear during josephine s birthday until she reach she debut eighteenth birthday and the last jewel appear .
5 eighteen jewel the eighteen magical jewel that sinukuan give to josephine as a protection against the kasamayans . one by one the jewel start to appear during josephine s birthday until she reach she debut eighteenth birthday and the last jewel appear .
22 eighteen jewel the eighteen magical jewel that sinukuan give to josephine as a protection against the kasamayans . one by one the jewel start to appear during josephine s birthday until she reach she debut eighteenth birthday and the last jewel appear .
40 eighteen jewel the eighteen magical jewel that sinukuan give to josephine as a protection against the kasamayans . one by one the jewel start to appear during josephine s birthday until she reach she debut eighteenth birthday and the last jewel appear .
13 black jewels necklace dyamanteng itim the curse necklace that be compose of black jewel which be the opposite and the only one that can repel the power of the magical eighteen jewel that protect josephine .
31 black jewels necklace dyamanteng itim the curse necklace that be compose of black jewel which be the opposite and the only one that can repel the power of the magical eighteen jewel that protect josephine .
29 glass candy at allmusic their first studio album love love love be issue on troubleman unlimited in 2003 . a second full-length follow on troubleman the next year . jewel found italians do it better with mike simonetti as a subsidiary of troubleman . in 2007 glass candy release their third album b/e/a/t/b/o/x on this label to considerable critical praise . in late 2008 a rarity b-side and remix album be release under the name deep gems .
54 begin in 1994 jensen provide voice-over for several animated feature . his dubbing credit include toy story 2 shrek in shrek and shrek 2 stitch in lilo and stitch president arnold schwarzenegger in the simpson movie and many other . jensen have also perform in feature film include the child s film Ørkenens juvel jewel of the desert . imdb . .
75 omaha s lauritzen gardens be a acre 0 km 2 botanical garden feature a holiday poinsettium show in december . other popular park in the city include dodge park glenn cunningham lake the gene leahy mall and the lake in the lower papio valley . the city also have more than mile 0 km of recreational trail for biking run hike and strolling and the soon-to-be-completed missouri river pedestrian bridge which will be the crown jewel of the city s trail system . missouri river trail bridge links omaha and council bluffs americantrails .org . retrieved 5/2/08 .
91 in 1979 lama yeshe install another geshe at manjushri institute geshe jampa tekchok to teach a parallel twelve-year geshe studies programme which be recognize and validate by the dalai lama and which be model on the traditional geshe degree . kay see note on page 232 from 1982 to 1990 this program be lead by geshe konchog tsewang . kay page 53 and 77 accord to a disciple of lama yeshe from this time lama yeshe intend the institute to become the central monastery of the fpmt... one of the early jewel of the fpmt crown and the pioneer among the western center .
26 honor honorary citizen of rothenburg ob der tauber alongside with adolf hitler and julius streicher revoke after the 2nd world war preservation tourism and nationalism the jewel of the german past google book review author joshua hagen publisher ashgate publishing ltd. page 188 honorary citizen of speyer and augsburg both revoke after the war . stadt speyer ehrenbürger in german access 8 may 2008
26 labyrinth of the world and paradise of the heart be a book by john amos comenius . the book be a satirical allegory . consider a jewel of baroque literature komenský it be one of author s most important work . comenius finish the first version in 1623 but he rewrite the book several time change its concept and form . the book remain the most widely read work of older czech literature .
20 a rich family be rule by lust a hymn be mourn over by feud sheung s silver chamber the largest jewel company in foshan guangdong province china be face serious financial difficulty . in order to obtain a loan from shum’s family sheung hang paul chun owner of the chamber together with his primary wife choi siu-tip nancy sit ka yin plot to arrange marriage between sheung wan ng wai kwok hang’s younger brother and shum wing-tung winnie young daughter of shum’s family . fuel by hatred ching sau-hang christine ng wan’s lover marry hang and ironically become wan’s sister-in-law .
61 what more can i give a track produce by michael jackson in english and spanish language . featuring other artist such as anastacia celine dion mariah carey ricky martin reba mcentire luther vandross thalía marc anthony nsync beyonce carlos santana and other . you make i feel like a natural woman with aretha franklin and bonnie raitt on franklin s album jewel in the crown all-star duets with the queen in 2007 .
38 the red porphyrian man draw or sheathe his sword headless handless footless may be the emperor theodosius . it recall the statue of the tetrarchs outside the palace of the doges in venice grip onto power . the jewel of the collection be the ivory cathedra the bishop s seat of the byzantine era 6th century consider among the finest piece of ivory carve in western art it be place in what be the tower of porta salustra the roman gateway which command the southern entrance along the cardis . it be the work of different hand and even allow for the miss panel it still remain a visible masterpiece the front bench with the figure of saint john the baptist flank by the evangelist and a fantastic frieze work of peacock lion goat and deer among vine be especially fascinating the backrest represent scene from the birth of christ include mary prove she virginity by immersion on the other side the miracle of christ his baptism and entry into jerusalem the armrest depict the old testament life of joseph read from left to right for the sitter . if you discover a passion for this type of exquisiteness there be other splendid ivory in the national museum of ravenna .
15 after she death in 1805 monbijou be redesign as an exhibition hall for painting and jewel from the royal collection and in 1877 on initiative of emperor wilhelm i open as a hohenzollern museum . the palace be destroy during world war ii and the remains be clear in 1960 . it have not be rebuild .
35 jingci temple chinese 净慈寺 be locate at the foot of huiri peak of nanping hill . it be the second prominent buddhist temple around west lake . together with lingyin temple it be call the jewel of the southern and northern hill . the temple be claim as a national key buddhist temple in han s area by state council in 1983 .
66 caesar be finally capture when he and twenty of his warrior be lure onto a ship by a slave trader . show he a watch the trader promise to show he and his warrior more object which be too heavy and too numerous to bring on shore if they come aboard his ship . he entice they to stay with food musical instrument silk scarf and jewel however he have his man raise anchor and slowly sail away . when caesar discover what be happen he and his man attempt to charge their captor but be drive back by the well-armed sailor use sword and pistol . although it take a considerable length of time for he and his warrior to accept their captivity he be eventually befriend by a sailor and be the only man he would accept food and water from .
59 be they the kingston parakeets"--belonging to kingston upon thames on the south-side of the river--or the twickenham parakeets"--belonging to twickenham on the north while the bird be more often refer to as the kingston parakeet their more regular nesting-ground appear to be in twickenham . they have also be refer to in print as the norbiton parakeets and the jewel of chessington .
49 house in september 2007 rosebery change from have eight house brookner boothroyd cooper dench glennie gunnell roddick and sharman name after famous and inspiring woman anita brookner betty boothroyd helen cooper dame judi dench evelyn glennie sally gunnell anita roddick and helen sharman to have four name after precious jewel diamond emerald
2 the crown jewel of the university cherry hall be complete in 1937 . locate at the intersection of college and 15th street wku campus tour the building contain space for fifty classroom sixteen laboratory and sixty office . at the time of its construction cherry also house the campus bookstore and post office .
54 the marriage-bed be ablaze with flash gold and regal purple . the maiden step forth accompany by she parent clothe in scarlet . on one side stand she sire fame for his triumph on the other be the queen fulfil a mother s loving office and order the bridal veil beneath a weight of jewel . then so man say the horse of the sun and the star of heaven dance for joy pool of honey and river of milk well forth from the earth . bosporus deck his bank with vernal flower and europe entwine with rose garland uplift the torch in rivalry with asia .
50 he be a little bit insensitive about some thing especially about the feeling of woman . there be still a bit of conscience in he but he be too preoccupy to notice his inner good because of his cool car and hot chick . but when his ex-fling ada romina jewel mische kill herself because of he everything in his perfect life will change . serum romina iza calzado ada s sister be furious . all she know be that he must pay .
24 native species of rare plant include congdon s lewisium lewisia congdoni state-listed as rare in 1982 taxon report calflora . and the tehipite valley jewel flower streptanthus fenestratus . also the woolly head lessingia lessingia hololeuca and hall s daisy or hall s fleabane erigeron aequifolius both of the aster family .
41 fred paris joaillier also make the pretty woman necklace specifically for the film . the necklace be make of 18k white gold diamond and ruby . fred be exclusive brand with only one location in the united states and have provide jewel for many event include the oscar to major star . fred still make film appearance . the last major film fred paris provide jewellery for be casino royale the film starring daniel craig .
72 the sword be a royal treasure to the kingdom of kei and can only be wield by the kingdom s rightful ruler as such youko be the only one who can draw the sword from its sheath . the sword be forge from a water demon that a previous great ruler of kei have defeat while the scabbard be create from a long-tailed monkey demon . from the scabbard hang a large jewel that can heal the one who hold it .
53 the basilica be destroy by fire and rebuild in the 19th century . the statue itself be lose when a tidal wave carry it out to sea in 1826 the present statue be a copy by fernando estévez . the image of the virgin be dress in rich robe of different color and jewel .
54 male sage grouse square up to one another at their lek court clark s grebe perform an elaborate ritual to reaffirm their bond and thousand of lesser flamingo move in a synchronised display . in west papua the small drab vogelkop bowerbird use a different strategy . the male decorate his bower with colourful jewel from the forest and use vocal mimicry to attract the attention of a female . mating be film for the first time the end result of a long and difficult quest feature in life on location . bird .
5 taj building be an architectural jewel on the main grand trunk road in nowshera nwfp. build in 1920s this impose structure have endure the ravages of time despite lack of any concert attempt in the past to preserve it . the facade of the three-storey building be highly decorate with floral and vine pattern in intricate stucco .
69 destitute the family relocate to gervain s home town in the north to begin afresh . a few month later one of huston s ship limp back into port and huston return to town to deal with the crew and sell the ship s cargo . he ask the three daughter if he could bring they any gift grace and hope tongue in cheek request rope of pearl and jewel and luxurious ball gown while beauty ask only for rise seed . the ship be not robert s and the proceeds from the sale of the cargo go largely to repay the merchant s debt . on the merchant s return from town he be catch in a blizzard a few mile from home and lose his way in the forest stumble across a mysterious castle as he and his mount come to the end of their strength .
30 he be an expert in the music of purcell and be renown for keep the silver of new college the finest piece of which include the unicorn horn the college jewel and the coconut cup in pristine condition . in october 2007 he be elect unopposed to succeed sir peter north as a visitor to oxford s ashmolean museum he be also curator of the music faculty s collection of portrait .
9 note and referencesexternal links american museum of natural history jewel from space
43 the bill be sign by 64 member and be adopt by the assemblée nationale on 8 june and by the sénat on 29 june . the bill be promulgate on 6 july 1880 . he also propose the law to seize the crown jewel from the monarchy which be pass on 11 january 1887 .
11 a favre-leuba bovet chronograph probably manufacture in 1949 with the 17 jewel landeron calibre 51 movement.the chronograph the bovet brand watch sell by bovet freres in the early 1940 and possibly as early as the 1930 see sherry and roy ehrhardt . 1993 .
10 landeron 51 . access july 5 2008 . the 17 jewel valjoux 84 lever movement with stem wind be the most common valjoux movement for the bovet chronograph rakuten antique watch roots . クロノグラフ ムーブメント . in japanese accessed july 5 2008 .
32 to buy his way out stevie agree to do a job for local hood bondi bob mclean . all he have to do be fly to melbourne to pick up some steal jewel in a briefcase .
29 san nicolas be locate in the western side of north manila at the edge of the pasig river surround by the district of binondo and tondo . a lose jewel in philippine heritage this district have keep its 19th century house which symbolize the wealthy life of the people who use to live there . just like the house silay city and vigan city it be beauty . unfortunately it seem this house will not last for long .
28 ingersoll watch company worker circa 1900 in 1896 ingersoll introduce the yankee watch price at $ 1.00 . it be cheaply mass produce from stamped part and without jewel so that it would be affordable to everyone . they be produce 8,000 per day by 1899 and start advertise that 10,000 dealer carry their dollar watch . over twenty year nearly forty million of these watch be sell and ingersoll coin the phrase the watch that make the dollar famous theodore roosevelt mention that during his hunting trip in africa he be describe as the man from the country where ingersoll be produce .
41 ingersoll buy the trenton watch company in 1908 and the new england watch company in 1914 . by 1916 the company be produce 16,000 watch per day in 10 different model . in 1917 they produce another popular watch with 7 jewel call the reliance . in 1919 ingersoll develop a watch with the so call night design the radiolite with luminous dial .
53 the principal genji logo be use exclusively within whole foods market sushi now on the menu at lincoln building . the circle be a variant of a letter g and represent bring people together well-being and commitment to health . at the center of the circle the dot or head represent a precious jewel while the legs and arms symbolize water and purity . combine the logo convey the company focus on organic all-natural and sustainable quality .
33 this version be currently available during the band show . it feature less track than the normal edition but be significantly cheaper . also it come in a discbox slider instead of a jewel case .
20 the last alliance be the fifth album by the finnish metal band battlelore . t it be release as a jewel case cd and a digipack with a dvd feature the energetic live show at metal female voices fest in wieze belgium 2007 .
42 where meridian international center for almost 50 year meridian international centerhas be the nation’s premier non-profit institution dedicate to advance international understand through public diplomacy and global engagement . the international children’s festival be locate in meridian’s historic mansion example of residential jewel of renown architect john russell pope who design the jefferson memorial the national gallery of art west building and the national archives . the house be adjacent to each other and surround by beautiful garden form a city block of supreme historic and architectural interest . for direction please see meridian s website .
22 turgor — the initial russian release on april 17 2008 . this edition be available in the form of a two dvd jewel box a gift edition and a digital download . the bonus disk contain a full soundtrack all the trailer ever make for the game nikolay dybowskiy s recording from kri a game music video about pathologic and artwork from the game . though this edition be only release in russian there be an official subtitle patch available from one of the developer .
29 crave a pub quiz fix why just come to the royal oak 47 letter used to advertise a pub quiz in bowness-on-windermere crazy fredericka buy many very exquisite opal jewel . 48 letter include proper noun sixty zipper be quickly pick from the weave jute bag .
28 friends of carmarthenshire county council website on the county museum carmarthenshire county council website on the county museum old amateur photograph of carmarthen and hold on gather the jewel the website of welsh cultural history 318 page of artifact associate with carmarthenshire on gather the jewels
75 when ishboo s american friend give he a birthday cake he run for a fire extinguisher in a panic and immediately douse the candle ask how dare you set fire to my birthday cake it be suspect that ishboo may have be a fake as he be quite adept at get out of troublesome situations-even those he did not understand seconds before . to escape from predicament he would hypnotize people by use his swing jewel . comedian sinbad guest star as ishboo s father sinboo . season 1-3
13 formats a hundred million suns be make available in four different format standard jewel case with album cd and booklet lp vinyl with two 180 gram white vinyl disc mp3 download all 11 track make available on itune for digital download
7 the rim which encompass and fasten a jewel watch crystal lens or other object in a bezel setting . oxford english dictionary 1989 a rotatable rim on a clock or watch indicate datum such as elapsed time .
37 in the novel there be evidence to suggest that eris be the original . she and possibly the original rezo create they and she last name be also vrumugun . furthermore she do not have a control jewel upon she at one point fake it yet be able to control other by put the jewel on they . in fact at one point control an ally while lina s back be turn . in the anime on the other hand eris last name be never mention nor be it ever hint that she be the original .
54 in the novel there be evidence to suggest that eris be the original . she and possibly the original rezo create they and she last name be also vrumugun . furthermore she do not have a control jewel upon she at one point fake it yet be able to control other by put the jewel on they . in fact at one point control an ally while lina s back be turn . in the anime on the other hand eris last name be never mention nor be it ever hint that she be the original .
11 goon show classic shut up eccle zbbc 1725 1995 the clown jewel zbbc 1752 1995 doctor who the curse of peladon zbbc 1768 doctor who planet of the spider zbbc 1769
24 plot the plot be base on a dramatised account of the real-life exploit of thomas blood and his attempted theft of the british crown jewel .
15 further read pope f. 2009 . from eternal darkness spring cast of angel and jelly jewel . in the times . november 23 . 2009 p . 16 17 .
22 united kingdom 3 chesham street london samoa properties at vaitele and sogi australia nauru house melbourne this development be know as the jewel in the crown of nauru s overseas property
56 the prominent florentine galleria degli uffizzi acquire and exhibit a campanella’s self-portrait . his work have be appreciate in arte roma rome art expo ny new york city and new masters miami florida show the breton surrealism salon lyon mitsokoshi gallery tokyo and exhibition in aspen colorado boca raton florida and monte carlo . his surrealist jewel have corroborate his gift as skilled goldsmith .
58 curt be just there to get the goods on she security system and give they to his employment agent . after fall into love with cartier curt try to stop the gangster but fail to save the jewels . then he and cartier have to rely on each other to keep alive and trek to mexico recover the jewel
9 2006 stain glass 玻璃画 2006 little bride 新娘18岁 2006 jewel in the palace 大长今 2006 save the last dance for i 最后之舞 2006 my lovely samsoon 我叫金三顺
45 she be show wear a carnation which may symbolise she betrothal and hold a leaf or sprig . holbein s portrait with its rich blue background crisp outline and absence of shading follow the convention of the genre . such miniature be wear like a jewel .
10 it deal with the inspector chasing louie le swine a jewel thief across europe and finally arrive in london where the captain of scotland yard keep reprimand he for shoot say that in london the police do not shoot .
27 the monastery of san salvador de celanova be locate in celanova galicia spain . it be found by st . rudesind san rosendo in 936 . the jewel of the complex be the small mozarabic chapel of san miguel date from 942 .
14 sarangay be a creature resemble a bull with a huge muscular body and a jewel attach to its ear . . . they be the philippine counterpart for the greek minotaur .
7 accord to old folk sarangay have a jewel or a precious gemstone in their ear that they be protect . those who try to steal it from they will be kill mercilessly . it be also say that when a sarangay get angry its nose omit smoke .
58 at furness abbey a tunnel have be say to run underneath the abbey to both piel castle and dalton castle . this be say to be how the monk travel to and from each monument to receive foodstuff and keep watch upon the town . it have also be rumour that the holy grail and king john’s miss jewel be actually hide somewhere inside . furness abbey .
31 it be on the chest of vishnu where lakshmi reside . around his neck he wear the auspicious kaustubha jewel and a garland of flower vanamaalaa . it be in this jewel on vishnu s chest that lakshmi dwell . a crown should adorn his head the crown symbolize his supreme authority . this crown be sometimes depict have a peacock feather borrow the iconography from image of his krishna avataar .
27 meet the king ft . greta salpeter and nic newsham king malka nic newsham suspect adakias want to marry princess anhura just for his throne and his jewel and even though adakias tell he he really be in love with princess anhura and not interest the slightest in his throne or jewel king malka do not approve of the marriage afraid adakias might rob he of his throne and suspicious of the dark he see in adakias . the narrator tell that adakias and princess anhura decide to marry in secret but suddenly anhura start to feel nauseous and weak . adakias know why she be feel sick it be his presence the dark in he be affect anhura s body .
51 meet the king ft . greta salpeter and nic newsham king malka nic newsham suspect adakias want to marry princess anhura just for his throne and his jewel and even though adakias tell he he really be in love with princess anhura and not interest the slightest in his throne or jewel king malka do not approve of the marriage afraid adakias might rob he of his throne and suspicious of the dark he see in adakias . the narrator tell that adakias and princess anhura decide to marry in secret but suddenly anhura start to feel nauseous and weak . adakias know why she be feel sick it be his presence the dark in he be affect anhura s body .
47 after graduation dagron establish a photographic portrait studio in paris . while in paris dagron become familiar with the collodion wet plate and collodio-albuman dry plate process which he would later adapt to his microfilm technique . dagron be also consider the inventor of the miniature photographic jewel french bijoux photographique microscopique know as stanhopes because a modify stanhope lens be use to view the microscopic picture attach to the lens . section française catalogue officiel catalogue officiel p . 99 by international exhibition 1862 publish by impr . impriale 1862 original from oxford university digitized jun 8 2006 882 page
70 he use the concept of microphotography to produce simple microfilm viewer which he would later manufacture and incorporate into novelty and souvenir product as well as other application . soon after that dagron encounter problem with imitator and people infringe on his patent . on 21 june 1859 dagron be grant the first microfilm patent in history and in the same year he introduce his photographic miniature stanhope toy and jewel during the international exhibition in paris . the focal encyclopedia of photography digital imaging theory and applications history and science p . 94 by michael r. peres contributor michael r. peres published by focal press 2007 isbn 0240807405 isbn 9780240807409 846 page
48 in the london fair he receive an honourable mention and present a set of microfilm to queen victoria . the same year dagron publish his book cylindres photo-microscopique monte et non-monte sur bijou brevete en france et a l'etranger . translated as photomicroscopic cylinder mount and non-mounted on jewel patent in france and abroad . in 1864 dagron publish the 36 page booklet traite de photographie microscopique in which he describe in great detail the process he invent in produce microfilm positive from normal size negative . the microfilm industry be consider to have be create by he start in 1859 when he obtain his patent .
55 series 3 the dark realm book 13 torgor the minotaur tom get a red jewel and tagus the horse-man get save the red jewel from torgor s axe help tom communicate with the good beast book 14 skor the winged stallion tom get a green jewel and epos the flame bird get save the green jewel from a hoove of skor repair broken bone book 15 narga the sea monster tom get a yellow jewel and sepron the sea serpent get save the yellow jewel from one of narga s tooth give tom an excellent memory book 16 kaymon the gorgon hound tom get a white jewel and nanook the snow monster get save the white jewel on a belt strap on kaymon s neck can make tom s shadow disappear but he cannot move while his shadow be go
79 book 13 torgor the minotaur tom get a red jewel and tagus the horse-man get save the red jewel from torgor s axe help tom communicate with the good beast book 14 skor the winged stallion tom get a green jewel and epos the flame bird get save the green jewel from a hoove of skor repair broken bone book 15 narga the sea monster tom get a yellow jewel and sepron the sea serpent get save the yellow jewel from one of narga s tooth give tom an excellent memory book 16 kaymon the gorgon hound tom get a white jewel and nanook the snow monster get save the white jewel on a belt strap on kaymon s neck can make tom s shadow disappear but he cannot move while his shadow be go book 17 tusk the mighty mammoth tom get a amber jewel and ferno the fire dragon get save the amber jewel from one of the beast s tusks help tom advance his sword skill
81 book 14 skor the winged stallion tom get a green jewel and epos the flame bird get save the green jewel from a hoove of skor repair broken bone book 15 narga the sea monster tom get a yellow jewel and sepron the sea serpent get save the yellow jewel from one of narga s tooth give tom an excellent memory book 16 kaymon the gorgon hound tom get a white jewel and nanook the snow monster get save the white jewel on a belt strap on kaymon s neck can make tom s shadow disappear but he cannot move while his shadow be go book 17 tusk the mighty mammoth tom get a amber jewel and ferno the fire dragon get save the amber jewel from one of the beast s tusks help tom advance his sword skill book 18 sting the scorpion man tom get a purple jewel and arcta the mountain giant get save the purple jewel from sting s tail get tom out of gorgonia
96 book 15 narga the sea monster tom get a yellow jewel and sepron the sea serpent get save the yellow jewel from one of narga s tooth give tom an excellent memory book 16 kaymon the gorgon hound tom get a white jewel and nanook the snow monster get save the white jewel on a belt strap on kaymon s neck can make tom s shadow disappear but he cannot move while his shadow be go book 17 tusk the mighty mammoth tom get a amber jewel and ferno the fire dragon get save the amber jewel from one of the beast s tusks help tom advance his sword skill book 18 sting the scorpion man tom get a purple jewel and arcta the mountain giant get save the purple jewel from sting s tail get tom out of gorgonia
98 book 16 kaymon the gorgon hound tom get a white jewel and nanook the snow monster get save the white jewel on a belt strap on kaymon s neck can make tom s shadow disappear but he cannot move while his shadow be go book 17 tusk the mighty mammoth tom get a amber jewel and ferno the fire dragon get save the amber jewel from one of the beast s tusks help tom advance his sword skill book 18 sting the scorpion man tom get a purple jewel and arcta the mountain giant get save the purple jewel from sting s tail get tom out of gorgonia
59 book 26 hawkite the sky lord golden ring find in a pond at a village let tom blend in to the background when still the curse be a few green feather on one of its wing . book 27 rokk the walking mountain(spider web glove be really sticky . it help tom climb easily the curse be a green jewel that be in rokk s eye . book 28 koldo the ice warrior magical scale help he balance when tom stumble the curse be koldo s shield . book 29 trema the slug monster magic mirror let any reflect ray shine on it burn through anything the curse be some round-shaped jewel on the beast s head .
62 it help tom climb easily the curse be a green jewel that be in rokk s eye . book 28 koldo the ice warrior magical scale help he balance when tom stumble the curse be koldo s shield . book 29 trema the slug monster magic mirror let any reflect ray shine on it burn through anything the curse be some round-shaped jewel on the beast s head . book 30 amictus the bug queen brass telescope let tom see thing that be usually camouflage the curse be a claw that be in a shade of dark green that be much darker than the green all over its body . tom find out that freya be his mother .
26 series 3 the dark realm torgor the minotaur torgor be half-man and half-bull and have two terrifying horn on either side of his head . the jewel be on its axe and help tom know what a good beast be say . skor the winged stallion skor have huge glossy wing and be dangerous both on land and in air . the jewel be on one of its hoof and help tom heal break bone .
37 the jewel be on its axe and help tom know what a good beast be say . skor the winged stallion skor have huge glossy wing and be dangerous both on land and in air . the jewel be on one of its hoof and help tom heal break bone . narga the sea monster narga have six snake-like head arm with long sharp yellow fang and foul breath . the jewel be on its tooth and help tom have good memory .
35 the jewel be on one of its hoof and help tom heal break bone . narga the sea monster narga have six snake-like head arm with long sharp yellow fang and foul breath . the jewel be on its tooth and help tom have good memory . kaymon the gorgon hound she have terrible and vicious fang be not she only weapon she can become three hound at once . the jewel be on a collar on its neck and help tom let his shadow move about .
37 the jewel be on its tooth and help tom have good memory . kaymon the gorgon hound she have terrible and vicious fang be not she only weapon she can become three hound at once . the jewel be on a collar on its neck and help tom let his shadow move about . tusk the mighty mammoth she have an enormous bulk and golden tusk that have poison on they that mean she can crush everything in she path . the jewel be on one of its tusk and help tom become a master at swordplay .
46 the jewel be on a collar on its neck and help tom let his shadow move about . tusk the mighty mammoth she have an enormous bulk and golden tusk that have poison on they that mean she can crush everything in she path . the jewel be on one of its tusk and help tom become a master at swordplay . sting the scorpion man arm with deadly pincers and a poisonous tail sting be once a boy call seth who follow malvel . the jewel be on its tail which provide a gateway to avantia .
41 the jewel be on one of its tusk and help tom become a master at swordplay . sting the scorpion man arm with deadly pincers and a poisonous tail sting be once a boy call seth who follow malvel . the jewel be on its tail which provide a gateway to avantia .
33 drag down the enforcer be the name of the debut album by outlaw order a side-project of the pioneering american sludge metal outfit eyehategod . it be release in november 2008 in both jewel case and metal box format . it be originally due to be release on the 13th and 14th of october but be delay due to manufacture issue . there be apparently 13 song record for the album but the final tracklisting list 11 mean two b-side exist .
59 in an act of protest a group of student alumnus and parent stand and turn their back as the trustee and headmaster make speech to the senior . some view this as a justified act of revenge while other view it as a classless showing of disrespect towards the senior . one teacher paul mcleod make reference to the jewel in a handkerchief of the film raging bull where the championship belt destroy for the jewel be no longer worth what the championship belt be . one student the male senior speaker make reference to himself become rich and buy the school back a reference to his perception apparently share by many of the people in the audience who give he a stand ovation for this one quote that the administration at the school have do the wrong thing and should be replace .
75 in an act of protest a group of student alumnus and parent stand and turn their back as the trustee and headmaster make speech to the senior . some view this as a justified act of revenge while other view it as a classless showing of disrespect towards the senior . one teacher paul mcleod make reference to the jewel in a handkerchief of the film raging bull where the championship belt destroy for the jewel be no longer worth what the championship belt be . one student the male senior speaker make reference to himself become rich and buy the school back a reference to his perception apparently share by many of the people in the audience who give he a stand ovation for this one quote that the administration at the school have do the wrong thing and should be replace .
5 randy jackson samuel l. jackson jewel dwayne johnson magic johnson
86 base on the manga series of the same title by rumiko takahashi the anime be produce by sunrise . the series follow a high school girl kagome higurashi who travel back in time to the sengoku period of japan where she meet a half-demon name inuyasha and learn that she be the reincarnation of a powerful priestess name kikyo . join by a lecherous monk a young fox demon a demon slayer and a demon cat the group seek to find the fragment of the shatter jewel of four souls a powerful jewel that have be hide inside kagome s body and keep the shard from be use for evil include the evil half-demon naraku who slew kikyo fifty year before kagome s arrival .
92 base on the manga series of the same title by rumiko takahashi the anime be produce by sunrise . the series follow a high school girl kagome higurashi who travel back in time to the sengoku period of japan where she meet a half-demon name inuyasha and learn that she be the reincarnation of a powerful priestess name kikyo . join by a lecherous monk a young fox demon a demon slayer and a demon cat the group seek to find the fragment of the shatter jewel of four souls a powerful jewel that have be hide inside kagome s body and keep the shard from be use for evil include the evil half-demon naraku who slew kikyo fifty year before kagome s arrival .
86 base on the manga series of the same title by rumiko takahashi the anime be produce by sunrise . the series follow a high school girl kagome higurashi who travel back in time to the sengoku period of japan where she meet a half-demon name inuyasha and learn that she be the reincarnation of a powerful priestess name kikyo . join by a lecherous monk a young fox demon a demon slayer and a demon cat the group seek to find the fragment of the shatter jewel of four souls a powerful jewel that have be hide inside kagome s body and keep the shard from be use for evil include the evil half-demon naraku who slew kikyo fifty year before kagome s arrival . the first season introduce the central character and show the group gathering together .
92 base on the manga series of the same title by rumiko takahashi the anime be produce by sunrise . the series follow a high school girl kagome higurashi who travel back in time to the sengoku period of japan where she meet a half-demon name inuyasha and learn that she be the reincarnation of a powerful priestess name kikyo . join by a lecherous monk a young fox demon a demon slayer and a demon cat the group seek to find the fragment of the shatter jewel of four souls a powerful jewel that have be hide inside kagome s body and keep the shard from be use for evil include the evil half-demon naraku who slew kikyo fifty year before kagome s arrival . the first season introduce the central character and show the group gathering together .
26 india s national newspaper the hindu note the success of the novel and the significance of its main character call midnight s child an extraordinary literary jewel it be award the booker of booker in 1993 and a host of other prize focus on the fate of two child that be inextricably link by the hour of their birth literally handcuff to history . handcuffed to history the hindu oct 27 2002
68 after host the first national convention of the naacp to be hold in the western united states the dunbar host duke ellington cab calloway billie holiday louis armstrong lionel hampton count basie lena horne and other jazz legend . former heavyweight champion jack johnson also run a nightclub at the dunbar in the 1930 . and the lincoln theatre hcm #744 build in 1927 be once the crown jewel of central avenue refer to by some as the west coast s version of new york s apollo theater .
25 common yorishiro two iwakura the meoto iwa the husband-and-wife rocksthe most common yorishiro be sword mirror ritual staff decorate with paper streamer call gohei comma-shaped jewel call magatama 勾玉 or 曲玉 large rock iwasaka 岩境 or iwakura 磐座 and sacred tree . kami dwell often in unusually shaped rock or tree or in cave and earth mound . yorishiro can also be person and in that case they be call yorimashi 憑坐 okada yorishiro .
9 the haunted hotel the invisible island the jaguar s jewel the kidnapped king the lucky lottery
95 these aim include keep tight military control over his area and to his end he remove the task of guard the road from christian irregular and entrust it instead to his own man . the fact that in consequence law and order prevail facilitate trade and encouraging economic growth which enormously enhance his power and importance even to the european naval power britain and france both seek alliance with he . he be also able to buy up land until his and he possess immense flock as well as vast reserve of gold ring and jewel . he surround pitsbourga with powerful wall add further to his local prestige but although immensely strong these be of traditional design and vulnerable to artillery .
123 the reservoir create by build dam on the arkavathy be the hesaraghatta and the “chamarajasagara” at thippagondanahalli tg hallus build during the year 1894 and 1933 respectively . the hesaraghatta dam be an earthen bund of 1690 m 5544 ft with a total height of 40.55 m 133 ft create the hesaraghatta lake reservoir with storage of 997 m.cft at full reservoir level with a lake surface area of 450 ha 1,124 acre . water from the reservoir be take through initially a 1.4 m dium 42 dium hume pipe to the soladevanahalli pumping station by gravity and then pump using steam pump initially and later change to electric pump at soledevanahalli against a head of 115 to 135 m to the combine jewel filter cjf plant at malleswaram for treatment and supply to the consumer in the city board of water supply bangalore . . when the hesaraghatta lake start dry up in the year 1925 as an urgent remedial measure another dam be build to create a reservoir call the chamaraja sagar at tg halli downstream of the hesaraghatta lake . this dam have be enlarge from time to time over the year to meet partially the increase water supply demand of bangalore water supply and source .
10 we have eaten all the animal and bartered all the jewel with talk to animal december 2007
17 fish dish skin whitening tuna clvl 25 meat dish perfect beauty cattle clvl 21 main regal mammoth jewel meat clvl 48 salad mochi skin bean sprouts clvl 15 dessert blank
89 the piece use in these variant of shogus consist of those use in heian shogus the king gold general silver general knight lance and pawn and those use only in heian great shogus the copper general iron general side mover tiger fly dragon free chariot and go between . accord to kōji shimizu chief researcher at the archaeological institute of kashihara nara prefecture the name of the heian shogus piece keep those of chaturanga general elephant horse chariot and soldier and add to they the five treasure of buddhism jewel gold silver katsura tree and incense . there be also a theory by yoshinori kimura that while chaturanga be from the start a game simulating war and thus piece be discard once capture heian shogi involve piece keep in the hand .
72 at the time of the dissolution of the monasteries sibton abbey s annual income be £250 a hefty sum which should have buy the abbey an additional couple of year before it be dissolve . but the recently-appointed abbot william flatbury install at the insistence of the duke of norfolk apparently be prevail upon by the duke and by thomas cromwell 1st earl of essex to hasten the dissolution and yield the jewel to those in royal favour . the engineering of flatbury s appointment accord to a contemporaneous observer have be do with the connivance of cromwell on purpose to bring about a speedy surrender . #ppa32,m1 inward purity and outward splendour death and remembrance in the deanery of dunwich suffolk 1370-1547 judith middleton-stewart boydell brewer 2001
6 pyar ka mausam 1969 padosan 1968 jewel thief 1967 guide 1965 teen devian 1965
100 accessed november 2 2008 the episode be first broadcast on wednesday november 5 2008 at 10:00 pm est less than a day after barack obama be declare the winner in the 2008 presidential election . excerpt from speech give by obama and john mccain the night before be include in the episode . in the episode obama win the 2008 presidential election set off mass uncontrollable partying by obama supporter and drive mccain supporter to desperation and suicide a guise of chaos and that serve as misdirection for the presidential candidate to set off their true plot an intricately plan jewel heist .
14 meanwhile it be reveal in a side story that obama and mccain be actually jewel thief and stage the entire election so that one of they could gain access to the oval office . this be to access a tunnel that would lead to the smithsonian museum where they would steal the hope diamond . they be able to accomplish the mission with the help of michelle obama a computer hacker who have also fake she marriage with obama to fool the press and sarah palin who be not only british but actually more intelligent than the episode s original portrayal of she would suggest she say to a bewilder press corps that she will come back and beat obama in 2009 .
12 the official coat-of-arm be describe as a diamond of scarlet surround by jewel butterfield 1931 .
29 gradually he be reduce to the state of rob to get money for god s temple . once he come across a wedding couple . he take all their jewel and then look at the groom s toe ring . he cannot remove it . the groom be actually lord vishnu and the bride goddess lakshmi .
29 while she be at the temple the sage arrive . the mother be disgust see that he be not rich . finally lord vishnu take the temple deity s jewel in a pot to the mother and she welcome the sage . the sage be accuse of steal and just before he be go to be kill lord vishnu come and save the day .
52 they be brief at dawn some officer be position behind a dummy wall and other be dress as cleaner and dome employee with their firearm conceal . a further sixty armed flying squad officer be station around the thames and 20 on the river itself to hamper any escape attempt . the jewel be replace with worthless fake the night before the raid just in case the robber succeed . five man be sentence on various different robbery charge . in command of the operation be detective superintendent jon shatford of the metropolitan police .
18 in 1924 his commercial corporation of london fail for $ 3.75 million . hatry pawn his wife s jewel worth $ 2.5 million borrow from friend and turn his failure into an asset with the slogan the man who always pay . in some curious manner three successive bankruptcy have leave he successively richer . he build a new business empire with investment in photographic supplies camera vend machine and loan office which cater to the little guy need a few pound or shilling .
93 this be a key addition due to it be likely in a number of case that the injury sustain from war would hinder the ex-serviceman return back to their old occupation and in some case make it impossible . the westfield war memorial village still exist today with a large wait list of people wish to move in to the house in the village and the war memorial statue still stand prominently in the centre of the village . to many lancastrian who live in the area the westfield village be consider ‘the jewel in the crown ’ which be lancaster . the westfield village can be consider unique for two significant reason funding and support . the lack of central and local government support for mawson’s project mean that it have to be wholly fund by public donation and subscription .
44 when there be three object on the table the contestant have to discard one in order to bring more lose the prize of the discard object . the host read the complete card and the prize be reveal . there be car travels house jewel money ... but also light match bottle of laxative ... even elephant be some of the prize . the show go on like that discard object and lose prize until the show be over and there be three final object on the table . the contestant then have to choose which object they want to keep and discard the other two win that final prize on the table .
22 reader travel award 2008 three indian hotel figure on tripadvisor s best hotel list taj and oberoi hotels unpolished indian hospitality brand jewel oberoi hotels no reservation oberoi hotels rank as asium s leading brand
24 alexius iv realise that his promise be hard to keep. alexius iii have manage to flee with 1,000 pound of gold and some priceless jewel leave the imperial treasury short on fund . at that point the young emperor order the destruction and melt of valuable byzantine and roman icon in order to extract their gold and silver but even then he could only raise 100,000 silver mark . in the eye of all greek who know of this decision it be a shocking sign of desperation and weak leadership which deserve to be punish by god .
85 vera bate lombardi bridget s mother be rumor to be the illegitimate daughter of adolphus cambridge 1st marquess of cambridge and duke of teck bridget bate tichenor sarah vera gertrude arkwright bate lombardi the peerage and be the public relation liaison to the royal family of europe for coco chanel between 1925 and 1938. vera be chanel’s muse and inspire chanel to create the english look as a result of they both sport vera’s uncle the second duke of westminster’s ride tweeds accessorize with borrow jewel from vera’s aunt queen mary .
6 a person or people who steal jewel .
50 after have study cinema at the r.i.t.c.s. brussels he graduate in 1983 . he begin his life s work as an assistant then quickly emerge as a camera steadicam operator lead to a dazzling career . he collaborate with louis malle on au revoir le enfant lewis teague on the jewel of the nile cyril collard sur les nuits fauves bertrand blier on merci la vie roman polansky on frantic patrice chéreau on queen margot claude berri on lucie aubrac.
11 1987 mascara camera operator 1986 the assault steadicam operator 1985 the jewel of the nile camera operator 1985 flesh+blood steadicam operator camera operator
41 the wittelsbach diamond also know as der blaue wittelsbacher be a carat 0 g blue diamond with vs2 clarity that have be prize by european royal for century . it have be part of both the austrian and the bavarian crown jewel . christie s press release . november 3 2008 .
10 history in 1664 king philip iv of spain purchase the jewel and include it in the dowry of his teenage daughter margaret teresa . after she die she husband leopold i of austria keep the stone . it remain in his family until 1722 when his granddaughter maria amalia marry charles of bavaria a member of the wittelsbach family .
44 in 1745 the wittelsbach be first mount on the bavarian order of the golden fleece . when maximilian iv joseph von wittelsbach become the first king of bavaria in 1806 he commission a royal crown which prominently display the diamond . until 1918 the jewel remain on the top of the bavarian crown . it be see last in public at ludwig iii of bavaria s funeral in 1921 .
84 tatiana die from a single bullet through the back of she head . king and wilson p . 303 alexei receive two bullet to the head right behind the ear . massie r the romanovs the final chapter 6 anna demidova alexandra s maid survive the initial onslaught but be quickly murder against the back wall of the basement stab to death while try to defend herself with a small pillow she have carry into the sub-basement that be fill with precious gem and jewel . radzinsky 1992 pp . 380–393 military commissar peter ermakov in a drunken haze stab at the dead body of the former czar and czarina shatter both their rib cage in a pool of blood .
17 brown ant-blue acrodipsas mortonus sands miller kerr 1997 small ant-blue acrodipsas myrmecophilum waterhouse lyell 1913 genus hypochrysops jewel copper jewel hypochrysops apelle fabricius 1775 hypochrysops apelle apelle fabricius 1775
39 to fill player need for an economical pick tony introduce a polymer plastic v-resin . it mimic most celluloid property but its lower material cost domestic availability and familiar color make it widely popular . it be available in jewel like transparent hue and stone pattern . variations of it be use for several premium pick line spectra-plec spectra sharp-transparent jewel color ultra plec in burl wood malachite and crystal pattern and pro plec a super heavy rich shell pattern pick in vintage shape .
45 it mimic most celluloid property but its lower material cost domestic availability and familiar color make it widely popular . it be available in jewel like transparent hue and stone pattern . variations of it be use for several premium pick line spectra-plec spectra sharp-transparent jewel color ultra plec in burl wood malachite and crystal pattern and pro plec a super heavy rich shell pattern pick in vintage shape .
19 # the sound of jann arden richards 3:32 # performed by jann arden # who will save your soul jewel kilcher 3 59 # performed by jewel # you i catherine durand 3 14
28 shelby trinity shelby trinity come from a wealthy american background . she steal she way into h.i.v.e. per se after hive find she to be the world renown jewel thief know as the wraith . at every crime scene she leave a card sign my thanks the wraith . at first come to h.i.v.e. the other find she to be spoil obnoxious and mean but after ms. leon reveal that she be the wraith she true sarcastic self appear .
42 matthews solo debut such be life 1996 be notable for the fact that six of the fourteen track that have already be record . one have be take by fairport convention to be use as the title track of their 1995 album jewel in the crown the anti-imperial message of which lead to accusation of be unpatriotic and ‘love i or not’ be cover by frances black . nme artists retrieve 10/01/09 c. while and j. matthews words and music circuit music 2002 p . 35 . in 1996 julie and chris join with christine collister melanie harrold and helen watson to form daphne’s flight .
74 on october 7 2009 gaia repossi and eugenie niarchos be host of a party at the hôtel ritz de paris to launch nérée by repossi . repossi possy women s wear daily 8 october 2009 guest of the party include karl lagerfeld sean lennon andrea casiraghi tatiana santo domingo and loulou de la falaise . ms. repossi say that the fashion boutique of colette already place an order for purple-lacquered gold version of the jewel .
46 paras an expert alchemist with golden coloured skin he always speak in rhyme . he have the technology to convert the chemical structure of any substance like turn sand to gold and stone to diamond . his ship be all covered with gold and gem and jewel and consider steal wealth as pointless because he could create gold himself . his only weakness be that he could not create mercury and also have the addiction of sniff mercury . he threaten to destroy earth by convert the water on earth into radio active element .
61 suspicion fall upon chamberlin jarvis an acquaintance of virginia who be a houseguest at the time and grumpy follow he when he return to the city where he try to sell the diamond to berci . know jarvis be a suspect berci turn he away and the thief frighten by a confrontation with grumpy eventually return to the country return the jewel and be arrest .
12 # first song # the moon be a harsh mistress # precious jewel # he be go away # the moon song
17 be the alumni of the faculty of law these eminent judge of the gujarat high court be jewel in institution s crown
34 the promoter boast that it be possible to see six state colorado kansas nebraska wyoming new mexico and south dakota from the top of the tower . dreiling larry . northeast colorado offer hide jewel high plains/midwest ag journal on the web 7 may 2004 . 3 feb. 2009
33 on april 4 843 princess taihe arrive at chang an . emperor wuzong order the chancellor and the other official to welcome and honor she . she take off she grand clothes and jewel and she approach the palace apologize for the failure of she mission . emperor wuzong send eunuch to comfort she and put she robe and jewel back on and then welcome she into the palace . the next day she have a reunion with she mother grand empress dowager guo and she be create the title of grand princess ding an per the new book of tang or grand princess anding per the zizhi tongjian .
48 emperor wuzong order the chancellor and the other official to welcome and honor she . she take off she grand clothes and jewel and she approach the palace apologize for the failure of she mission . emperor wuzong send eunuch to comfort she and put she robe and jewel back on and then welcome she into the palace . the next day she have a reunion with she mother grand empress dowager guo and she be create the title of grand princess ding an per the new book of tang or grand princess anding per the zizhi tongjian . new book of tang vol .
16 the württemberg crown the crown jewels of württemberg german kronjuwelen des königreichs württemberg be a historical jewel collection belong to the kings and queens of württemberg .
3 the original crown jewel be make in 1806 for frederick i of württemberg to celebrate württemberg achieve kingdom status . the crown of württemberg consist of gold diamonds pearls and emeralds . many of the diamond be donate by the jewel collector duke carl alexander .
40 the original crown jewel be make in 1806 for frederick i of württemberg to celebrate württemberg achieve kingdom status . the crown of württemberg consist of gold diamonds pearls and emeralds . many of the diamond be donate by the jewel collector duke carl alexander . the crown be never traditionally wear at celebration . rather it be carry during ceremony such as wedding new year s day celebration and funeral .
2 the crown jewel also include the diamond diadem create for queen pauline of württemberg in 1820 . queen pauline s husband king william i even have several large diamond transfer from the crown of württemberg to the diamond diadem . the collection also include a golden dinner set give to the württemberg king in 1816 by grand duchess and later queen catherine pavlovna of russia .
16 after monarchy end in württemberg the royal family and the state of württemberg split the crown jewel . today some of the collection include the crown and diadem can be view at the state museum of württemberg landesmuseum württemberg . state museum of württemberg . .
27 background on the death of lothar ii in 1137 the welf henry the proud heir of the patrimony of his deceased father-in-law and possessor of the crown jewel stand boldly forward as a candidate for the imperial dignity . but the local prince oppose he elect the hohenstaufen conrad iii in frankfurt on february 2 1138. when conrad give the duchy of saxony to count albert the bear the saxonian rise in defence of their young prince and count welf of altorf the brother of henry the proud begin the desolating war .
21 in woman be the form of all thing of all that life and move in the world . there be no jewel rarer than woman no condition superior to that of a woman .
57 mrpl which be a joint sector company become a psu subsequent on acquisition of its majority share by ongc. as on 1 april 2007 71.62 % share be hold by ongc 16.95 % shale be hold by hpcl and remain share be with public and financial institution . mrpl have also be declare as miniratna a minus jewel by government of india in 2007 .
11 jardim do mar be document in jacob holcomb s film lost jewel of the atlantic
11 the encyclopaedia of surf wannasurf page on surfing in madeira lost jewel of the atlantic surf nation
44 while homer and bart attempt to trick marge into believe the girl be still at home lisa go undercover as a nun and infiltrate the convent . when mother superior refuse to tell she where maggie be lisa discover that they be seek a jewel . a seemingly elderly nun who claim she be 23 year old inform lisa of an ancient quest for the mystic gem which get what you desire . lisa s first clue be to seek god with heart and soul which she correctly interpret as play a few measure of the song by the same name on the convent s organ open a rube goldberg contraption .
97 lisa s first clue be to seek god with heart and soul which she correctly interpret as play a few measure of the song by the same name on the convent s organ open a rube goldberg contraption . she next be tell to find the biggest ring in springfield at first she assume it be circular ring but she learn the biggest ring be the springfield bell tower . arrive there she meet comic book guy and principal skinner who tell she that the gem be a vision the die st . teresa have of a jewel that would bring peace and harmony to the world . she send a group of nun to the new world to search for it but word get out and benjamin franklin george washington and king george iii band together to search for it during the revolutionary war so the nun leave the colony and move to springfield . comic book guy tell she that the gem will be reveal on the first full moon after a solar eclipse which be that night .
15 neville spearman 1983 . isbn 0-859780-60-0 . document the author ’ search for a hidden jewel rumour to have belong to mary queen of scot .
28 caloplaca saxicolum irwin m. brodo sylvia duran sharnoff stephen sharnoff and susan laurie-bourque . 2001 be a lichen species with the common name of jewel lichen or rock jewel lichen . this lichen occur over a portion of northern north america . a specific example occurrence be within the northern reach of the canadian boreal forest where black spruce be a dominant tree .
51 the king be surprise and surrender to the goddess adhishakthi draupadi . after this incidence it have give to understand that king’s sick mother be recover from the decease and king have peaceful and prosperous life . the king be happy and donate huge property in the form of land and jewel and take the management of the temple in to this administration . this be continue till independence .
7 waterfallskravice waterfall on the trebižat river karst jewel of bosnia and herzegovina . a special characteristic of bosnia and herzegovina s water system be the plethora of waterfall dot the landscape . among the most beautiful and biggest be the Štrbački cascade 23,5 m high – quantitively the biggest waterfall in bih martin brod on the una river the pliva waterfall in jajce 27 m kravica and kočuša waterfall on the trebižat river green vision b&h . .
10 kočuša waterfallskočuša waterfall on the trebižat river yet another karst jewel of bosnia and herzegovina . see also
29 the atlanteans keep all they recover from the surface world in their hall of curiosities its contents include everything from ship figurehead and waterlogged book to enormous heap of jewel and gold coin . in his research work the surgeon come into possession of a sunken miniature submarine walker and the doctor decide to use the vessel to escape . their plan reach a crisis when walker be catch consort with the imprison astraea the two be sentence to be devour by the kraken .
53 the head of the ox be design with a complex system of tube and stop so that the prisoner s scream be convert into sound like the bellowing of an infuriated bull . . . it be also say that when the bull be reopen the scorched bone of the remains shine like jewel and be make into bracelet .
37 the game take place in a world where monster and human being once live in harmony . the monster be hunt and many of they be eventually imprison in device call jewels . once trap in a jewel a monster become tame and servile to the owner of the jewel allow human warrior call jewel summoners to use they in combat against other monster . the story of jewel summoner revolve around the quest for vengeance of one such warrior vice whose mother die at the hand of a monster .
49 the game take place in a world where monster and human being once live in harmony . the monster be hunt and many of they be eventually imprison in device call jewels . once trap in a jewel a monster become tame and servile to the owner of the jewel allow human warrior call jewel summoners to use they in combat against other monster . the story of jewel summoner revolve around the quest for vengeance of one such warrior vice whose mother die at the hand of a monster .
35 lewis ed 02-14-2007 . ign . . the player can have a party of up to three character and each member have a maximum of three monster that can be summon from storage receptacle call jewel to fight against enemy . mueller greg 03-12-2007 . gamespot . .
23 lewis ed 02-14-2007 . ign . . enemy monster can be recruit by weaken they in battle and then capture they within a jewel .
65 there be over 100 different type of monster in the game and each possess trait in the form of elements that dictate its strength and weakness . the element system be similar to a game of rock-paper-scissors for instance water-elemental monster have an advantage over fire-based monster and fire-based monster have an advantage over ice-based one . a monster can only be capture within a jewel that represent the same element . monster earn experience in battle and subsequently level up learn new ability and evolve into different creature . jewel summoner can also influence their monster growth by fuse they with specially refine item and piece of quartz or by increase their stats with ability points earn in battle .
33 a monster can only be capture within a jewel that represent the same element . monster earn experience in battle and subsequently level up learn new ability and evolve into different creature . jewel summoner can also influence their monster growth by fuse they with specially refine item and piece of quartz or by increase their stats with ability points earn in battle . karlin david 2006-02-27 . 1up . .
3 in combat each jewel summoner can bring out one monster at a time . every turn each monster both enemy and ally can activate one attack or elemental ability . each monster initially have four slot available for ability .
39 a fire dragon for instance can learn snow-based attack . use an ability require the expenditure of a monster s jewel points a mana-like energy of which each creature have only a finite amount . when a monster s jewel point be deplete it become unaccessible to the character and another monster must be select to fight . monsters can return to battle when their jewel point have be restore at a save point .
55 use an ability require the expenditure of a monster s jewel points a mana-like energy of which each creature have only a finite amount . when a monster s jewel point be deplete it become unaccessible to the character and another monster must be select to fight . monsters can return to battle when their jewel point have be restore at a save point .
33 occasionally rogue monster call abomination would appear and attack human indiscriminately . the human respond by develop a skill know as jewel summoning which could be use to fight and capture abomination . jewel summoner be generally descend from a clan call the enchanter and receive special training in the use of jewel . train jewel summoners work for an organization call the order and collaborate to fight abomination . gamezone .
52 occasionally rogue monster call abomination would appear and attack human indiscriminately . the human respond by develop a skill know as jewel summoning which could be use to fight and capture abomination . jewel summoner be generally descend from a clan call the enchanter and receive special training in the use of jewel . train jewel summoners work for an organization call the order and collaborate to fight abomination . gamezone .
23 ign . . and vice have be search for the monster ever since . before she die vice s mother give he a jewel contain a monster schatten and he subsequently discover that he have the ability to summon and control schatten despite not have be train at the jewel summoner academy . vice travel for some time hunting and destroy abomination before draw the attention of the order . he eventually enroll at the academy and be join by several other summoner .
61 underwater footage include giant clam spawn grey reef shark hunt needlefish by night and a timelapse sequence of a triton’s trumpet engulf a crown-of-thorn starfish . reef fish be also agent of erosion – the bumphead parrotfish chew through coral and excrete it as sand . the final scene show huge swarm of jellyfish in the marine lake of palau the jewel of micronesia . ocean of volcanoes . produced and direct by chiara bellati .
58 the breaker of the oath be shut out from the book tawrat law of moses injeel the bible zaboor psalm of david and the holy quran . he be also deprive of the perfect word blessing of the imam # if a person take the oath break it all his possession i .e . moveable cash housing utensil jewel ornament carriage horse cattle milking cow she buffalo slave male and female and all worldly material become unlawful for he . all his property be liable to be loot and to be distribute among the poor and the needy . when he take the oath again and accept all the term of that covenant then his thing become lawful to he and then only he be entitle to get his thing back
65 the organization claim to be base on the activity of armstrong s also defunct ambassador international cultural foundation . presently a $ 15 million perform art center pattern after the ambassador auditorium locate on the former campus of ambassador college be under construction on the college s campus . a representative of the philadelphia church of god explain that the auditorium will be the crown jewel of the campus upon completion .
61 sophie-ann reveal that hadley be furious over the wedding and take out she anger on sophie-ann by steal a crown-jewel diamond bracelet that be a present from the king . if sophie-ann do not have the bracelet back for a party in several day threadgil could call for divorce and take down she kingdom . sookie promise to look for the jewel but ask the queen for help solve the mystery of the new-vampire who attack she and amelia in hadley s apartment . the vampire be a shapeshifter name jake purifoy but his conversion and concealment in the closet be mystery . they guess purifoy die on the night of the king and queen s wedding ceremony as he escort hadley to the event .
39 gale group contemporary theatre film television v43 gale 2002 154 . carlos arrieta famous former student la voz weekly 5/17/04 . penny parker and macgyver meet in line at an airport in bulgaria when she try to smuggle some jewel out of the country in his pocket . season 1 episode 16 every time she smiles . with little talent but big dream she pursuit of a show business career get she into trouble more than once she be once use by murdoc as an unwitting pawn in an attempt to eliminate macgyver .
60 an aesthete s lament the pearl of india at the end of the summer in 1939 elsie de wolfe throw a party in honor of the kapurthalan princess . a life in good taste by ruth franklin new yorker sept. 9 2004 the entertainment include an entourage of trained elephant . as in the indian tradtion she be drip in jewel for all occasion . she husband maharajkumar karam have spectacular jewelry create for she by cartier van cleef arpels and among other notable jeweler . an aesthete s lament the pearl of india
30 one of its last appearance in public be when the macdougal chief wear it when elizabeth ii of the united kingdom visit oban in 1956 . . . the royal jewel be say to have be tear from the scottish king’s cloak as he flee from defeat at the battle of dalrigh near tyndrum in 1306 . it be later steal from the macdougalls during the religious war of the 1640 and have be closely guard by the clan since its return almost 200 year later . one of its last appearance be when a previous chief wear it for the queen’s visit to oban in 1956 .
8 the crown set in gold be encrust with jewel and precious stone . in the past century king regard the crown as a symbol of power prestige and glory . the crown in the crest acquire a different meaning symbolize the golden age of india’s material wealth and cultural splendor .
45 the crown in the crest acquire a different meaning symbolize the golden age of india’s material wealth and cultural splendor . today through the education of she woman st . agnes college endeavor to recrown bharat mata mother india . educated and self-reliant woman be jewel in the crown of mother india .
0 jewel by danielle steel publish may 29th 2007 by dell publishing
48 i will settle for the lamest most pathetic miracle you have get lie around . just then reese come by on the horse which knock sam over . dewey see jamie with an earring and think back to when francis yell at lois and hide she stash of jewel . lois from then on promise that whoever find it would get a reward . dewey be begin to do extra thing for jamie .
39 the bgss school logo depict a bamboo plant inside a diamond . bgss parent handbook 2009 p.2 . the diamond represent its pupil who start off as rough stone and be polish by the school to finally become precious jewel . the bamboo represent the quality the school stand by resilience strength in unity humility uprightness and integrity .
10 itv 7 january child s play 1984-1988 9 january the jewel in the crown 1984 13 february duty free 1984-1986 26 february spitting image 1984-1996
59 at this time luxury be at its height as close be adorn with gold silver pearl and precious stone www.middle-ages .org .uk/medieval-womens-clothing . into the sixteenth century as the medieval period be come to an end extravagance be all the rage material be never richer than they be at this time . outfit feature glitter brocade elaborate embroidery and jewel as decoration . these item list barely cover all of what constitute women’s fashion in the medieval period but the overall theme of extravagant garment and lavish accessory be consistent throughout that time .
78 the first legging refer to as the legging proper or stocking consist of weave fabric or leather . the second be simply a piece of fabric use to tie on the leggings or if wear around the shin or foot provide warmth and protection . the lower caste wear leggings make of rip or cut cloth from old clothes blanket or bag whereas the upper caste have custom make leggings owen-crocker 118 .the very rich people sometimes wear jewel .
12 2009-06-06 . . post time be 6:19 p.m. est. as the final jewel in the triple crown this year s event be run without the elusive championship at stake as 2009 kentucky derby winner mine that bird be defeat in the preakness . the attendance at belmont park be 52,861 . rosenblatt richard 2009-06-06 .
4 orléans be the last jewel for the armagnacs . the earl of salisbury begin the siege in 1428 with 2400 man in addition to burgundian ally who join the siege . salisbury s death at the start of the siege destroy the anglo-burgundian morale .
50 the wonderful webbers by june lange publish by elysium inc in 1967 document the webbers nudist life style . webber pose for many famous photographer such as peter gowland bunny yeager and russ meyer . she also appear on the cover for several vinyl record album include les baxter s jewel of the sea sea of dream by nelson riddle marty paich s jazz for relaxation and chile con cugie by xavier cugat .
24 ashton accuse zack of steal the kidney of the sea necklace . london s dog ivana prove ashton wrong . ashton have hide the jewel in his pocket and then he admit the truth in a grudging tone .
58 in 2002 chodos publish metamorphoses the transformative vision of junko chodos a catalog of the one-person exhibition of the art of junko chodo at the long beach museum of art in the fall of 2001 . the book feature full-color high-quality reproduction and five critical essay . the work include a range from the tiny collage inside cd jewel box to the largest mylar include in she esoteric buddhism series . the book win best art book of the year first prize from independent publishers in 2002 .
7 the show visit royal dornoch a stunning jewel in scotland s golfing crown . graeme baxter talk about the art of golf and we take a look behind the scene at elmwood college in fife where student from all over the world come to learn the art of gamekeeping .
1 lullaby jewel album release in 2009 lullaby sophie barker album release in 2005 lullaby 1988 album by book of love band
106 she be a somewhat unworldly hamster who love she blue ribbon but she be not above get dirty when she need to help she friend and have be know to be generous and helpful . she use to live in france before move to where she be now but she feel attach to japan and have even refuse to go back to france . in the japanese version she speak normal japanese and add the word dechuwa most likely a hamster version of desu wa at the end of she sentence while the english version of bijou have a french accent because bijou be french for jewel which be one word to accurately describe she personality . she also have a huge crush on hamtaro this be prove in the first episode when she wink at he after their dancing performance and she feeling for he be eventually reciprocate . pashmina マフラーちゃん mafurā-chan seiyū rei sakuma voice actress tabitha st . germain owned by june .
37 francois どんち ゃ a pidgeon which be both sabu s friend and girlfriend . she often be transportation for hamtaro . the three crow lady どんちゃん a trio member of female crow who attack tomato-t and steal jewel from lapis s house . never appear in english tv series . the leader s name be ran .
37 when a target firm implement this provision it will make an effort to make it unattractive to the hostile bidder . for example a company may agree to liquidate or destroy all valuable asset also call crown jewel or schedule debt repayment to be due immediately follow a hostile takeover . in some case a scorched-earth defense may develop into an extreme anti-takeover defense call a poison pill .
27 disc cover be a disc labeling utility for mac os x . the program allow user to design and print cd and dvd design element such as jewel case insert booklet and adhesive label . the first version of disc cover be release by belight software in february 2006 .
36 this shrub be a host to the parasitic plant know as sand food pholisma sonora . armstrong w. p. 2008 . the most bizarre wildflower in the united states it be also host to the endemic jewel beetle prasinalia imperialis . arthropods of the algodones dunes
55 wake up the next morning in awe of the incredible beauty surround he he buy the property for his own summer pleasure . he erect impressive lodge and out building build a hydro-electric dam and sawmill and staff his operation with lumberman farmer and servant . over the next 40 year p.k. create a charming jewel in the wilderness that remain to this day . p.k. smith s original luxurious wilderness lodge circa 1925 . oiseau bay eco-landing wilderness resort
50 a recur theme in the story be that the focus of conflict be on the possession and control of precious or magical object . the first age of middle-earth be dominate by the doom quest of the elf fëanor and most of his noldor clan to recover the three precious jewel call the silmarils hence the name silmarillion steal from they by morgoth . the second and third age be both dominate by the forging of the rings of power and in particular by the fate of the one ring forge by sauron which grant its wearer the power to control or influence all those wear the other rings of power hence the name the lord of the rings .
35 a few year after publish the lord of the rings in a note associate with the unique narrative story athrabeth finrod ah andreth which be say to occur in beleriand during the war of the jewel tolkien equate arda with the solar system because arda by this point consist of more than one heavenly body valinor be another planet and the sun and moon be celestial object in their own right and not object orbit the earth .
53 the silmaril be give to their son dior half-elven who have restore the kingdom of doriath . the son of fëanor demand that dior surrender the silmaril to they and he refuse . the fëanorians destroy doriath and kill dior in the second kinslaying but dior s young daughter elw escape with the jewel . three son of fëanor — celegorm curufin and caranthir — die try to retake the jewel .
53 the son of fëanor demand that dior surrender the silmaril to they and he refuse . the fëanorians destroy doriath and kill dior in the second kinslaying but dior s young daughter elw escape with the jewel . three son of fëanor — celegorm curufin and caranthir — die try to retake the jewel .
58 by the end of the age all that remain of the free elves and men in beleriand be a settlement at the mouth of the river sirion . among they be eärendil who marry elwing . but the fëanorians again demand the silmaril be return to they and after their demand be reject they resolve to take the jewel by force lead to the third kinslaying . eärendil and elwing take the silmaril across the great sea to beg the valar for pardon and aid . the valar respond .
88 those elf who refuse the offer be call the avari and the eldar who tired of the long journey west and remain behind in middle-earth be call the dark elves because they would never see the light of the two tree . generally dark elf be consider less powerful than light elves but the term dark do not imply they be in any way evil . in later year some of the light elf chiefly the noldor clan return to middle-earth mainly on a quest to retrieve precious jewel call the silmarils steal from they by morgoth .
66 improper reference format accord to legend durin ultimately find a glen of shadow between two great arm of the mountain above which three white peak be shining . j. r. r. tolkien . the lord of the rings within this heavily wood valley a long series of short water fall lead down to a long oval lake which appear to have a magical quality there like jewel sink in the deep shone glint star though sunlight be in the sky above . perceive these star as a crown glitter above his head durin take this as an auspicious sign and name the lake kheled-zarâm the mirrormere .
35 plot summary when katarina bishop be three she parent take she on a trip to the louvre…to case it . for she seventh birthday katarina and she uncle eddie travel to austria…to steal the crown jewel . when kat turn fifteen she plan a con of she own—scamming she way into the best boarding school in the country determine to leave the family business behind . unfortunately leave “the life ” for a normal life prove harder than she’d expect .
19 fitzgerald also excelled academically . he be also one of two notre dame athlete to receive the school s jewel in 1915 for highest scholastic standing . in the notre dame yearbook for the class of 1916 the follow tribute be pay to fitzgerald ”fitzgerald be a big oregonian — big in body in mind and in heart . during the last four year he have be one of the most prominent and popular man at notre dame .
34 player control the digger a small construction vehicle that must make its way through an underground maze . gamers dig through the dirt horizontally and vertically to create their own path while collect power-up jewel coin and other bonus while avoid pursue monster .
9 shadow raider j'accuse reboot megaframe princess gwenevere and the jewel rider badland and vale of the unicorns roswell conspiracies aliens myth and legend monster within hypernauts ice bound new alliances
49 1670 . opaque watercolour and gold on paper with apply beetle wing fragment .sternocera aequisigna แมลงทับ a beetle use in thailand for beetlew decoration. tamamushi shrine horyu-ji nara prefecture japan . asuka period decorate with lacquer and oil painting on wood gilt bronze plaque and the iridescent wing of jewel beetle tamamushi . beetlewing or beetlew art be an ancient craft technique use iridescent beetle wing practice traditionally in thailand myanmar india china and japan .
18 in thailand beetlewing of wood–boring beetle sternocera spp. thai แมลงทับ like sternocera aequisigna life cycle of the rounded jewel beetle sternocera spp . วงจรชีวิตของแมลงทับกลมใช้เวลานานถึง 2 ป ี siam insect zoo-museum be prefer to decorate clothing shawl and sabai cloth and jewelry in former court circle . the beetle have a short life span of 3 to 4 week in their adult stage .
3 see also buprestidae jewel beetle beadworkreferencesexternal links
83 major timothy peake esa astronautigt blueprint the expect growth of the space tourism industry be expect to be one of the key trend of the next 20 year and virgin galactic have agree to help develop the igt blueprint in the hope that the uk can mirror the legislative measure of usa and japan to enable the uk to stay at the forefront of the global space tourism industry . science minister lord drayson call the space sector a bit of a hidden jewel with regards to its stealth but healthy contributor to the uk economy .
10 simpson be arrest in march 2003 two day after a jewel robbery in temecula california . rental document link he to the getaway car use in the robbery and he be identify as the driver by two police officer who have pursue the car . a trial schedule for august 2005 be postpone after simpson s attorney remove himself from the case .
18 the australian novelist and short story writer beverley farmer describe the english translation of vasilis arvanitis as “a jewel of a book” . “not only for the student but for the general reader new to modern greek writing this be a jewel of a book . ” “a force of nature burning bright” australian book review dec./jan .
41 the australian novelist and short story writer beverley farmer describe the english translation of vasilis arvanitis as “a jewel of a book” . “not only for the student but for the general reader new to modern greek writing this be a jewel of a book . ” “a force of nature burning bright” australian book review dec./jan . 1984 .
17 puerto carrillo situate along the pacific coast of costa rica s guanacaste province be know for its jewel among pacific beach . the town itself be very small less than 500 full-time resident and be predominantly a fishing village . the population in carrillo be mainly local resident and still maintain an authentically costa rican atmosphere .
66 a coronation follow the byzantine formula be instigate in france with the crowning of king clovis i of the frank at rheims in 496 in which a so-called holy dove be allege to have descend with an ampoule of holy oil for the ruler s anointing . the holy ampulla be keep in a reliquary in the form of a round gold plaque thickly set with jewel in the center of which be a white enamel representation of the dove of the holy spirit upright with the wing open and point down of which the holy ampulla itself form the body . the reliquary have a heavy chain by which it could be wear around the neck of the abbot of the abbey of st . remi where it be normally keep when he bring it walk barefoot at the head of a procession of his monk under a canopy carry by four nobleman on horseback the hostage of the holy ampulla from the abbey to the very step of the high altar of the cathedral where he turn the relic over to the archbishop of rheims for its use in the coronation ritual . all succeed kings of france be anoint with this same oil—mixed with chrism prior to their coronation .
17 emmanuelle 2000 emmanuelle and the art of love 2000 emmanuelle 2000 emmanuelle in paradise 2000 emmanuelle 2000 jewel of emmanuelle 2000 emmanuelle 2000 intimate encounter 2000 emmanuelle 2000 emmanuelle s sensual pleasure 2000
77 the burghley nef silver-gilt with section ungilded and nautilus shell 1527-1528 france v&a museum . silver-gilt or gilded/gilt silver sometimes know in american english by the french term vermeil be silver gilded with gold . most large object make in goldsmithing that appear to be gold be actually silver-gilt for example most sporting trophy medal such as gold medal in all olympic games after 1912 german olympic museum website and beijing 2008 appendix 8 and many crown jewel . apart from be much cheaper than gold large silver-gilt object be also much lighter if require to be lift and stronger . compare to plain silver for delicate object like the nef illustrate or those with much intricate detail like monstrance gild greatly reduce the need for cleaning and polishing and so reduce the risk of damage to they .
21 strong donald emrys . greek and roman gold and silver plate taylor francis 1979 isbn 0416725104 9780416725100 inventory of the goods jewel etc. sell by order of the council of state from the several place and palace following:--the tower jewel-houses somerset house whitehall greenwich wimbledon oatlands windsor hampton court richmond sion house st . james s and several other place with the several contract make by the contractor for sale of the say goods etc. from the year 1646 to the year 1652 . british library harleian ms. article
63 in the summer of 2003 low twelve release it be next cd unfit for human occupancy with 5 newly record song and 2 live track with tim still play . the review have be strong and the metal media have praise it . the cd be release with a dvd entitle maggot ridden rotting movie but it have to be remove from the jewel case due to a legal problem that arise . to avoid litigation low twelve agree to remove the dvd and sell only the unfit cd .
15 it be know that there be 2 different issue be distribute next to the original jewel case . a limited edition digipak limit to 300 copy and come with an exclusive official button and sticker . also a limited edition black vinyl press with inner sleeve printing be release limit to 500 copy and come with an exclusive a2 poster .
10 it be know that this album be release as a jewel case with a cardboard slipcase . . and a limited edition gatefold black vinyl press limit to 500 copy and come with a vinyl size booklet . . .
17 write itself both prose and poetry be also a repeat theme several of his characters—geo in the jewel of aptor vol nonik in the fall of the towers rydra wong in babel-17 ni ty lee in empire star katin crawford in nova the kid ernest newboy and william in dhalgren arnold hawley in dark reflections john marr and timothy hasler in the mad man and osudh in phallos—are writer or poet of some sort .
0 jewel reflection and refraction—not just the imagery but reflection and refraction of text and concepts—are also strong theme and metaphor in delany’s work titles such as the jewels of aptor the jewel-hinged jaw time considered as a helix of semi-precious stones driftglass and dark reflection along with the optic chain of prism mirror and lens wear by several character in dhalgren be a few example of this . reflection and refraction in narrative be explore in dhalgren and take center stage in his return to nevèrÿon series .
29 and 1138-39 a. d. festageate der dr. jacobi pp . 189-93 . . hence the assumption that the kadamba ruler vijayaditya who style himself as the torch for the jewel of the land of konkan have annex the silahara kingdom appear to have no basis vijayaditya seem to have revolt against the chalukya but be defeat and make to submit . the struggle for empire pp . 175-176 .
13 facilitiesequestrian center main article jacksonville equestrian center the jacksonville equestrian center be the jewel of the cecil recreation complex . the 125,000 square foot multi-purpose center be open in march of 2004 and its 4,000 seat have host a diverse group of event which range from dressage to rodeo the royal lipizzan stallions to the 4-h annual horse show . non-equestrian event have include monster truck show demolition derby music concert and band camp .
57 young girl wear ornament even on their foot know as thanda or padaswaram . the nair lady extend their ear lobe and the only two type of ornament which be wear in the ear be a type of cylindrical ornament know as takka or a two lipped biconvex disc consider more fashionable know as the toda . jewel be not wear on the head . tattooing be not favour among the nair and be consider demeaning . travancore state manual 1906 by nagam aiya vol ii page 351
33 gallerythe capitulation of granada by f. padilla muhammad xii before ferdinand and isabella.isabella meeting christopher columbuscolumbus before queen isabella . detail of the columbus monument in madrid 1885 .engraving of isabella donate she jewel for columbus voyagequeen isabella s will by eduardo rosales . on the left juana and ferdinand on the right cardinal cisneros black cap .statue of isabella at the sabatini gardens in madridisabella s crown and scepter and ferdinand s sword be preserve in the capilla real of granadaposthumous portrait of isabellareferences carroll warren h. isabel of spain the catholic queen .
78 madeleine masson be bear madeleine levy in 1912 in johannesburg to a french banker emile levy and lili a ravishingly beautiful creature with viennese antecedent . on a trip to paris with she parent 18-year-old madeleine meet 40-year-old baron renaud marie de la minaudière . as she put it in she autobiography i never kiss paris goodbye i be a small-town south african who be be offer prince charming on a platter deck with yacht châteaux sable coat jewel townhouse and a coat-of-arm equal to that of the valois .
53 inside the chamber the flat ceiling be plaster and beautifully decorate . it be paint in red and blue with some koranic inscription and the wall be adorn with inlaid coloured tile inscribe with jamali’s poem . the decoration in the tomb have be describe as “going inside be like step into a jewel box” . in the jamali kamali mosque and tomb the tomb chamber have two marble grave one of jamali the saint poet and the other of kamali the reason for the kamali name could probably be that it rhyme well with jamali . peck lucy 2005 .
9 107 . bwo li dan la ye south wonderful jewel heart mantra
22 they quickly revive the art of jewelled bookbinding decorate their sumptuous multi-colour leather book binding with gold inlay and precious and semi-precious jewel . they be commission to create a most luxurious binding of the rubaiyat of omar khayyam the front cover of which be adorn with three golden peacock with jewelled tail and surround by heavily tool and gild vine that be send on the ill-fated ss titanic in 1912 . the book know as the great omar sink with the ship and have not be recover .
62 bear in london during the hundred day he be educate first in france and then in austria where his father have follow the exiled royal family in 1836 . he return in france only in 1844 . he become an antiquarian like his father inherit and expand his father s extraordinary collection of greek vase engraved stone and antique coin cameo and jewel . he be particularly interested in numismatics . he translate into french under the title histoire de la monnaie romaine paris 1866 the geschichte des römischen münzwesens history of roman coinage of theodor mommsen berlin 1860 with additional note sign b. the book be still often quote use the blacas translation rather than the original german version .
45 surprise package be a 1960 american comedy film direct by stanley donen and star yul bryner mitzi gaynor noel coward eric pohlmann and barry foster . an american gangster living on a greek island and a depose king hatch a plan to steal some crown jewel .
33 he be bear to french parent in geneva switzerland . after study in his native town tirard become a civil engineer . after five year of government service he resign to become a jewel merchant . his determined opposition to the empire culminate in 1869 in a campaign in favour of the radical candidate oppose to ollivier be reward by his election as mayor of the xie arrondissement of paris and as deputy for the seine . nominated a member of the commune he protest against the tyranny of the central committee and escape from paris to resume his place among the extreme left in the national assembly at versailles .
1 seb jewel bear december 20 1987 in london england be a rugby union player for harlequins in the guinness premiership . seb join the quins academy in the summer of 2006 . in his first year he be part of the england under 20 squad that compete in the 2007 six nation before make his quins first xv debut against manu samoa on 17 august that year
56 the triple crown trophy have come to represent the pinnacle achievement in horseracing . commission in 1950 by the thoroughbred racing association artisan at the world-famous cartier jewelry company be charge with create more than a trophy but a true work of art . the result be a three-sided vase each face equally represent the three jewel of the crown and beautifully capture the spirit of horseracing s most seek after and rarest honor . the three side be engrave with specific information from each of the three race the kentucky derby the preakness stakes and the belmont stakes . upon completion of the first trophy it be award to the 1948 triple crown winner citation .
79 durkheim be dead a sherlock holmes mystery of social theory arthur berger publisher altamira press 2003 editor s note in this sociology textbook/mystery novel student can join sherlock holmes and watson as they discover a new area ripe for acrimony and intrigue social theory . in 1910 the most prominent social theorist in the world gather in london for a conference on the new science of sociology . thing rapidly fall apart though as a fight break out a jewel be steal and famous sociologist emile durkheim disappear . as sherlock holmes and watson investigate it appear that social theory may not only explain actions--in this case it may be the cause of they . so holmes and watson investigate social theory itself learn directly from those create it w. e. b. du bois sigmund freud vladimir lenin beatrice webb georg simmel emile durkheim and max weber .
28 another depict a dancer and woman musician these have be influence by ajanta style of painting . the most beautiful one be that of avalokiteshvara padmapani . she jewel sparkle in light like diamond even though it be paint . camera be not allow in fresco cave . they spoil the paint and if you visit you can see the diamond by shine special torch give .
6 bryan adams # spirit feat . jewel # halcyon # sunstroke
0 jewel
11 while gaius study the tomb in particular a large heart shape jewel set in a sarcophagus at the tomb s centre a thief name cedric learn of the treasure and work his way into the castle in order to gain access to the tomb grant he entry to the treasure . by muscle in on merlin s position as arthur s manservant cedric successfully turn arthur against merlin leave merlin once more annoyed and depressed that the prince cannot see he for who he really be .
48 gaius realise that the tomb belong to an evil sorcerer name cornelius sigan who have swear to destroy camelot upon his death . sigan fearful that his power and wealth would die with he find a way to make himself immortal he store his soul inside the large jewel which would then possess the person who remove the jewel from its setting . gaius warning prove unfruitful when present to uther as he be too take with the treasure and too proud to believe in such a myth . the next night morgana be awaken by nightmare feature a raven which solidify gaius theory of the return of sigan as the raven be an emblem of his power .
58 gaius realise that the tomb belong to an evil sorcerer name cornelius sigan who have swear to destroy camelot upon his death . sigan fearful that his power and wealth would die with he find a way to make himself immortal he store his soul inside the large jewel which would then possess the person who remove the jewel from its setting . gaius warning prove unfruitful when present to uther as he be too take with the treasure and too proud to believe in such a myth . the next night morgana be awaken by nightmare feature a raven which solidify gaius theory of the return of sigan as the raven be an emblem of his power .
15 once cedric have steal arthur s key to the tomb he come across the heart-shaped jewel contain sigan s soul . by remove it from its setting sigan s soul be release and possess cedric s body . gaius and merlin realise the consequence of the jewel be remove the next day and merlin deduct that the only other person with access to the key would be cedric and run to alert arthur .
46 once cedric have steal arthur s key to the tomb he come across the heart-shaped jewel contain sigan s soul . by remove it from its setting sigan s soul be release and possess cedric s body . gaius and merlin realise the consequence of the jewel be remove the next day and merlin deduct that the only other person with access to the key would be cedric and run to alert arthur . arthur refuse to believe merlin and after a scuffle with cedric merlin be take to the cell .
71 merlin be perplex by the proposal as he be still affect by the lack of respect he receive from arthur but realise it be better to be treat as a slave than to rule with evil . the soul of sigan leave cedric s body to inhabit merlin s in order to conjoin both magic into one superpower . merlin recite the spell which force sigan s soul back into the jewel bring safety upon camelot once more .
11 the tomb of sigan be cover up once more with the jewel inside never to be remove again . uther come away from the experience more passionate than ever to eradicate all form of magic from the kingdom while arthur in his own way apologise to merlin by make he clean his armour .
5 book deanna farnetti cera the jewel of miriam haskell milan idea books 1997 . barbara ellman the world of fashion jewelry highland park il aunt louise import 1986 . cathy gordon and sheila pamfiloff miriam haskell jewelry atglen pa schiffer 2004 .
43 three year-old season jostle be freshen in the winter of 2000 but make a big splash in she debut by win the grade two comely stakes at aqueduct racetrak in april . in may she connection decide to enter she in the second jewel of america s defacto filly triple crown the black-eyed susan stakes . jostle be the fourth choice at 9-2 on the morning line in a strong field of eight stake winner that include 1999 breeder cup juvenile fillies winner cash run rings a chime and march magic who have beat she earlier in the year . jostle s former jockey edgar prado be replace by kent desormeaux for the black-eyed susan .
40 al . avner the eccentric in vaudeville old new an encyclopedia of variety performer in america volume 1 routledge 2007 isbn 9780415938532 p . 49 et . seq . he play the title role the holy man know as the jewel in the 1985 film the jewel of the nile . avner eisenberg at the internet movie database access 2009-09-25 . janet maslin film jewel of the nile new york times december 11 1985 p . c22 .
46 al . avner the eccentric in vaudeville old new an encyclopedia of variety performer in america volume 1 routledge 2007 isbn 9780415938532 p . 49 et . seq . he play the title role the holy man know as the jewel in the 1985 film the jewel of the nile . avner eisenberg at the internet movie database access 2009-09-25 . janet maslin film jewel of the nile new york times december 11 1985 p . c22 .
18 he perform at renaissance fair and on stage before play the title role in the 1985 film the jewel of the nile a film that also feature his fellow vaudevillian the flying karamazov brothers . in a generally negative review of that film janet maslin single out avner for praise avner eisenberg very nearly steal the film … other notable role have include a self-titled 1984 broadway show an appearance in a 1987 lincoln center production of shakespeare s the comedy of errors and the principal role srulik the ventriloquist in the 1989 broadway play ghetto . he have also play both vladimir and estragon in production of samuel beckett s waiting for godot costarr with his wife julies goell in the world premiere of zoo of tranquility and portray r. crumb in comix .
30 both the gopuram be build accord to the rule lay down in the agama sastra by rama pandyan . it be the largest shiva temple in tamil nadu . rare jewel the golden lily tank musical pillars and the hall of a thousand pillars be worth see . the temple date back to 700 ad and contain inscription which can be trace to be make around 950 a.d. it be believe there be two distinct temple build separately for shiva and parvati the consort to lord shiva by the pandyan king . the sangili mandapam a big terraced hall link these two be build in the 17th century .
19 kumbewu kumbewu be a project support the local woman and assist they to achieve economic independence . they create jewel or useful ornament out of local material . these be sell at the centre and contribute to increase their income help they to manage their family .
53 he actually score 100 % mark in mathematics and set up a record for aggregate mark in the examination . despite his meritorious performance in the high school he almost give up the idea of go to college because his parent could not afford it . ultimately his mother have to sell whatever jewel she have to send he to college and then to university after a gap of time karen s. walch . thunderbird global school of management . . .
20 for this week s photoshoot the girl be drive to a spa there they will be pose underwater with morellato jewel . anastasia find trouble in execute the task while sabrina overcome she fear of water and succeed in the shooting .
36 to complete the task begin by his father of conquer the island of srilanka rajendra chola i invade the island in 1018 c.e. as a result of the campaign rajendra claim to have capture the regal jewel of the pandya king which parantaka i try in vain to capture . rajendra also capture the crown of the sinhala king his queen and daughter . the sinhala king mahinda v be take prisoner and transport to the chola country .
31 blitz thanks to a blitz-geschidigkeit chemical jimmy can run as fast as lightning he be base on flash . the beacon julia garnder now have no power but once have a jewel that could create green strength ray yellow flight ray and purple force field . reference 1 .
17 g. barron ed . in defence of the regalia 1651–2 1910 j. p. campbell the scottish crown jewel and the minister s wife 2007 j. j. reid ‘the scottish regalia anciently style the honour of scotland’ proceedings of the society of antiquaries of scotland 24 1889–90 18–48
67 jockey pat day keep he at a stout but restrain pace and the rest of the field be content to sit back . day continue one of his patented ride and take star standard wire to wire for a three length win over royal mitch and guadalcanal . with only two week until the kentucky derby zito decide to pass the derby and run in the second jewel of the triple crown the preakness stakes .
47 italian fashion in the 15th and 16th century be mainly influence by the art of the time especially by the masterpiece of michelangelo leonardo da vinci raphael and botticelli . italian design be well-known for their extravagance and extremely expensive accessory such as velvet brocade ribbon and jewel . also italian fashion for lady change dramatically since 1460 where skirt be gather or pleat and would often split up to see a sleeveless underdress cecilia gallerani mistress of ludivico sforza duke of milan .
93 the novel be set in a parallel world in which the existence of psychic power have permit the development of witchcraft into a science in contrast that of the physical science have languish result in a modern culture reminiscent of our eighteenth century . witchcraft be hereditary but the ability to use it can be hold by only one member of a family line at a time be pass from mother to daughter at the daughter s loss of virginity . the daughter s lover then gain possession of she magical talisman a jewel know as the blue star which enable he to read the mind of anyone he look in the eye . the catch be that he retain access to this power only so long as he keep faith with his witch lover .
43 he act as suffragan bishop of marlborough under bishop john jewel but the date be not know . in that capacity he hold ordination at salisbury on 13 april 1560 and 26 april 1568 . write to archbishop matthew parker 8 may 1568 jewel complain of lancaster s want of discretion . lancaster be also elect principal of st edmund hall oxford in early 1565 . victoria county history a history of the county of oxford pp.319-335 in volume 3.
30 magpie mr. bean save an injured magpie from a tree and care for it at his house . but the magpie fly away though and steal valuable like the crown jewel at the end of the show and mr. bean get arrest
47 the yeomen warders of she majesty s royal palace and fortress the tower of london popularly know as the beefeaters be ceremonial guardian of the tower of london . in principle they be responsible for look after any prisoner at the tower and safeguard the british crown jewel but in practice they act as tour guide and be a tourist attraction in their own right a point the yeoman warder acknowledge .
32 university of illinois school of music . october 21 2009 retrieved october 21 2009 . common knowledge around the university proclaim the memorial room of the smith memorial hall as the crowning jewel of the building . the memorial room which be a drawing room be lavishly decorate and also include crystal chandelier . the memorial room be often use for chamber music performance and harpsichord recital .
34 roble hall be design by architect george kelham who also design the old san francisco public library in 1917 now housing the asian art museum of san francisco . it be consider an architectural jewel of the beaux-arts architecture movement . roble hall website it be three story high and be build in the shape of an h with a b and center wing along with a semi-attached c wing which be add later . build as a woman s dormitory and later use exclusively for freshman woman it be convert to a co-ed residence in 1968 .
67 robert morse play the tailor with jason carter as the tailor s nephew clive revill as the prime minister and lysette anthony as gilda the princess . the tailor and his nephew be hire by the emperor to make something different for the upcoming wedding of gilda and prince nino a very silly prince from a neighboring country . while the tailor be scheme to steal the jewel that be suppose to be use to make the clothes the nephew be busy fall in love with gilda .
35 the movie be 89 minute long the movie tell a story of a poor youth which he have spend on four chair which he inherit from the aunt they learn that one of these have jewel .
10 jain international residential school better know as jirs be a jewel in the crown of jain group of institutions . with a sprawling campus of over 300 acre staff strength of more than 300 and a world-class infrastructure jirs cater to the need of nearly 750 student from india and abroad and be acclaim as one among very few of its kind in the country .
41 one scientist identify study which show that a significant percentage of worker in these super-farm can develop chronic respiratory illness . because of the eu s agriculture policy thousand of polish farmer who have help to keep their landscape an unspoilt jewel of central europe be be drive out of business and into unemployment and migration . the advance of factory farm in poland have be help by huge multi-million dollar loan from the european bank for reconstruction and development a bank guarantee and subsidise by the taxpayer .
21 the concorde lounge supersonic jet set love mixed for japanese magazine casa brutus 2003 sparkling moment tokyo/paris mixed for perrier 2005 jewel mixed for ayumi hamasaki s remix album ayu-mi-x 6 silver 2008
22 image safavid chinaware tabriz.jpg| safavid era chinaware 16-18th c. image gorgan ceramic.jpg| ceramic gorgan 13th c. image qajar jewel tabriz.jpg| qajar era jewel 19th . c. . image azarbaijan musuem06.jpg
43 his jewelry and ornament which indicate he be of the highest rank include pectoral necklace nose ring ear ring helmet falconry and bracelet . most be of gold silver copper gold and semi-precious stone . in his tomb be find more than 400 jewel .
60 rezeld manor morlen lord of rezeld be one of the few athr im of princemarch to chafe at rohan and pol s rule . when the two prince tour princemarch in 719 lord morlen attempt to conceal his wealth while at the same time flaunt it between the prince nose . he have his daughter wear carve wood instead of jewel so that pol would think the family could not afford a suitable dowery . rohan know what the carve necklace actually symbolize however number of sheep cattle goat and other produce include a quarry . other sign of hidden wealth include thin tapestry on rod which mean their purpose be not to keep out the cold fresh plaster hole the rod in place and candle holder that hold wittle torch .
46 prompt many fan digitally rip music straight from the game themselves . for the most part the track feature be very rock orient with only a few feature a jazzy funk vibe thanks in part to tower of power s influence . the back of the jewel casing list both japanese and english track listing for the song but the english list be not a direct translation of the japanese . instead they be the name that be provide when the game be release as budokai and budokai 2. easily give the impression that the soundtrack producer anticipate a big demand of import the album by fan in english speak country . couple with the soundtrack be a bonus dvd feature the intro and music video of the opening theme kusuburu heart nus hi o tsukero perform by hironobu kageyama and montage game footage .
23 about the cover the dress nina be wear on the cover be design by christian dior . the picture of nina inside the jewel case booklet be use for many of she obituary when she die in 2003 age 70 . it show nina in wear a golden turban sit on a chair and with the pink-red dior-dress spread out around she .
71 sentarshadeen be the political centre of the elven land housing the king of the elves . lerkalpoldara be the northernmost city surround by mountain and accessible only by a single mountain pass . the elven land be home to other location of interest include the fortress of the crowned horns of the moon a safe-haven for the elven woman and child during wartime and the jeweled cavern of halacira an elven jewel mine-turned-fortress between sentarshadeen and ondoladeshiron .
63 non-vegetarian shrimp coconut curry fish curry various version depend on the region fish fry kerala beef fry chicken fry with shredded coconut beef ularthyathu fish pickle pork masalum podimeen fry meen thoran fish with coconut karimeen pearl spot fish pollichathu shrimp masalum chicken stew mutton stew duck curry malabari fish curry kakka shell thoran kalllumekka crab malabar biriyanus thalassery biriyanus pearl spot fish jewel fish mussel squid kappa boil kappa tapioca vevichathu with non vegetarian curry etc .
70 the structure and function of the medici bank be largely settle into their final form by this point a branch would be open in milan in late 1452 or early 1453 at the instigation of the grateful sforza . its first manager pigello portinari 1421 october 1468 be very capable and this branch do well in loaning to the sforza court and like the roman branch sell luxury such as jewel until pigello die and be replace by his feckless brother accerrito 1427-c. 1503 who could not manage the massive amount lend to the milanese court and to duke sforza who do not repay his debt of 179,000 ducat pg 34 of goldthwaite 1987 before his death in 1478 . a similar problem would plague the bruges branch of the bank when manage by the third portinari brother tommaso .
66 pg 14 of de roover 1966 the imposition of any further punishment on they for the sin of usury this law be generally characterize as really be a license in disguise . # banchi a minuto small or retail bank the most obscure of the three they be sort of combination of lender and pawnbroker . they deal in among other thing bullion installment sale of jewel and loan secure by jewel and currency exchange . none of the survive record mention anything but time deposit for the purpose of raise capital so they generally do not offer demand account and maintain the interest by lend out a portion of the deposit . though such bank do lend without security pg 19-20 of goldthwaite 1985 one example of a banchus a minuto run by bindaccio de cerchi invest heavily in purchase future interest payment from the monte monte delle doti seven percent dowry fund found in the 1340 by the state of florence pg 25 of goldthwaite 1985 loan to the monte comune maritime insurance and speculation in horse race .
71 pg 14 of de roover 1966 the imposition of any further punishment on they for the sin of usury this law be generally characterize as really be a license in disguise . # banchi a minuto small or retail bank the most obscure of the three they be sort of combination of lender and pawnbroker . they deal in among other thing bullion installment sale of jewel and loan secure by jewel and currency exchange . none of the survive record mention anything but time deposit for the purpose of raise capital so they generally do not offer demand account and maintain the interest by lend out a portion of the deposit . though such bank do lend without security pg 19-20 of goldthwaite 1985 one example of a banchus a minuto run by bindaccio de cerchi invest heavily in purchase future interest payment from the monte monte delle doti seven percent dowry fund found in the 1340 by the state of florence pg 25 of goldthwaite 1985 loan to the monte comune maritime insurance and speculation in horse race .
46 pg 204 de roover 1966 and take in many deposit at interest . the branch do this to some extent but the principal means of profit come from commercial transaction . rather than charge interest the medici overcharge the pope on the silk and brocade the jewel and other commodity they supply .. . pg 199 . see also the presence among the asset of silver plate for an amount of more than 4,000 florin reveal at any rate that the rome branch deal more or less extensively in this product for which there be a demand among the high churchman of the curia who do a great deal of entertaining and like to display their magnificence . from pg 205 of de roover 1966
76 he then follow desparado in the modify daivoyager . six month after the final battle with gaja satoru leave the boukenger team to take on a new adventure by take the space-worthy gogo voyager into space to fight outer space precious though he be surprise that sakura follow he and apparently utterly clueless as to she true intention . however when sakura be possess by pachacamac satoru be force to aid he in obtain the two jewel the monster need to regain his power . once sakura be free satoru aid his team and the gekirangers in defeat pachacamac. akashi 明石 be from the surname of japanese officer motojiro akashi 明石 元二郎 akashi motojiro who entrap russia to confusion as a spy of the imperial japanese army in the russo-japanese war .
73 the halfling leader melvin underbelly have become gluttonous and as a result morbidly obese – he have take to send band of armed also obese halfling to steal food from neighbour spree to feed his unending hunger . wizard have a roast pig melvin have two ... you be a hero now i think she like you sir william if you want to slip away with she i will not tell anyone that jewel have everything turn out what she want be what other people have have a rest oberon hero need their rest hard to see what you love take away be not it kahn when reason be go nothing be leave but madness goldo you can have all the gold you ever want my friend
55 the overlord battle the wizard during which the wizard brag of be responsible for the corruption of the hero . wizard have a roast pig melvin have two ... you be a hero now i think she like you sir william if you want to slip away with she i will not tell anyone that jewel have everything turn out what she want be what other people have have a rest oberon hero need their rest hard to see what you have take away be not it kahn when reason be go nothing be leave but madness goldo you can have all the gold you ever want my friend
36 in addition to other casino game it feature a 300 seat bingo parlor . milton prell take over in 1952 remodel the club and open in october of that year as the sahara . call the jewel in the desert by prell the sahara have a moroccan theme with statue of camel stand in front of the hotel .
70 the reaper have be essentially write out of the batman mytho see as the only storyline and one-shot follow up that he appear in have be declare outside of the canon due to re-write involve joe chill . however she lose she job after she try to make she stunt so dangerous that no company would insure she . out of work but still hunger for thrill sutton begin steal jewel use a specially design one-seat rocket . disfigure in an accident that burn off his skin crane seek revenge as the savage skull but be defeat by batman . he recently appear among other lame villain slay at the hand of intergang boss bruno ugly mannheim but be unidentified in the actual comic .
1 the jewel in the choir s catalogue be unquestionably it be cold outside the a side of their first single although the single s b side i be goin home also have avid fan . the song be originally issue on the canadian-american records label in september 1966 but do not take off until be lease to roulette records several month later . it be cold outside be a wonderful example of early power pop and unlike many garage rock classic be unabashedly beatlesque with fine songwriting and strong harmony .
45 he dismiss the young man and build a high fence around his house to keep the lover apart . the mandarin be plan for his daughter to marry a powerful duke . the duke arrive by boat to claim his bride bear a box of jewel as a gift . the wedding be to take place on the day the blossom fall from the willow tree .
30 on the eve of the daughter s wedding to the duke the young accountant disguise as a servant slip into the palace unnotice . as the lover escape with the jewel the alarm be raise . they run over a bridge chased by the mandarin whip in hand . they eventually escape to the safety of a secluded island where they live happily for year .
69 after return stateside blane know he have to use a woman to pose as the girl to retrieve the map . he correctly deduce that bob brown s wife kim be go to be in texas stay with she parent and contact she . as kim go to retrieve the document while blane wait outside he be approach by a local police officer who suspect he of be a jewel thief . blane give the officer the doctored passport of the cia agent he have kill as kim be return with the document . when the officer find out the passport be a fake he try to take blane into custody .
50 cosmic smash コズミックスマッシュ be an arcade game that be later port to the dreamcast console . it be a futuristic combination of squash and breakout and be a single player game . it be one of the few dreamcast game to be release in a dvd-style case rather than a jewel case .
22 the temple be richly endow have be under the special patronage of the mysore rajas and have a most valuable collection of jewel . as early as 1614 the mysore king raja wodeyar who reign 1578 1617 who first acquire srirangapatna and adopt the srivaishnava faith hand over to the temple and the brahmins at melkote the estate grant to he by vijaynagar king venkatapati raya . on one of the pillar of navaranga of the narayanaswami temple be a ba relief about one and a half foot high of raja wodeyar stand with folded hand with the name inscribe on the base .
63 on one of the pillar of navaranga of the narayanaswami temple be a ba relief about one and a half foot high of raja wodeyar stand with folded hand with the name inscribe on the base . he be say to be a great devotee of the preside deity and a constant visitor to the temple . a gold crown set with precious jewel be present by he to the temple . this crown be know as the raja-mudi after his name . a legend say that on the day of his death he be observe enter the sanctum and be see no more afterwards .
42 this crown be know as the raja-mudi after his name . a legend say that on the day of his death he be observe enter the sanctum and be see no more afterwards . from the inscription on some of the gold jewel and on gold and silver vessel in the temple it be learnt that they be present from krishnaraja wodeyar iii and his queen . krishnaraja wodeyar iii also present to the temple a crown set with precious jewel . it be know after he as krishnaraja-mudi .
69 a legend say that on the day of his death he be observe enter the sanctum and be see no more afterwards . from the inscription on some of the gold jewel and on gold and silver vessel in the temple it be learnt that they be present from krishnaraja wodeyar iii and his queen . krishnaraja wodeyar iii also present to the temple a crown set with precious jewel . it be know after he as krishnaraja-mudi . vairamudi or vajramukuta another crown of great value seem to be older than raja-mudi and krishnaraja-mudi and it be not know as to who give it to the temple .
44 and joyfully address the kuru prince they said o tiger among the son of pandu go hence take with the tribute from we all . let the mission of the king yudhishthira the just possess of great intelligence be accomplish without hindrance . take jewel and gem from they all the hero march towards the city of mahishmati and there he battle with king nila .
24 the contents of this album be take from the 1966 album leavin town the 1967 album waylon sings ol harlan and the 1968 album jewel .
72 while on course to hawaii they encounter a hurricane and land on an uncharted island which be also the home of dr. varnoff lionel atwill a mysterious scientist . the island native mistake wellington as a legendary hero and inform he that he must marry princess luana nan wynn . meanwhile varnoff s plan be to cause the volcano to erupt in order to trick the tribe into give they their sacred jewel . the native send wellington and the jewel to the volcano to defeat the evil spirit of the volcano . varnoff chase he to the volcano where they be defeat by wellington and algy .
51 the island native mistake wellington as a legendary hero and inform he that he must marry princess luana nan wynn . meanwhile varnoff s plan be to cause the volcano to erupt in order to trick the tribe into give they their sacred jewel . the native send wellington and the jewel to the volcano to defeat the evil spirit of the volcano . varnoff chase he to the volcano where they be defeat by wellington and algy .
35 the fourth period begin in the early 1930 and be characterize by the streamline moderne influence on the styling of the case . many of these watch feature a new 207 movement 12/0-size with 17 jewel of which only 40,000 be make and include such sleek design as the futura chesterfield wentworth andover and the 14kt rockliffe . many of these be very similar to watch make at the time by the hamilton watch company .
42 unfortunately while he be absent vanessa kidnap greenlee .she take she to waterfall miller s falls . vanessa inform leo that he have to find and give she the diamond before she will release greenlee . in a panic leo find the jewel and race to the fall with trey . when vanessa refuse to release she leo begin drop the priceless gem over the fall one by one . vanessa agree to do as he wish but actually plan to kill she hate enemy .
12 the story just out of jail and vow to go straight former jewel thief boston blackie undertake the reformation of a pretty blonde who have steal a necklace from a cabaret dancer . he learn that the jewel belong to the mother of the blonde girl and the blonde s philandering father give it as a gift to the cabaret girl . now blackie must find a way to return the necklace to the owner s safe without arouse the suspicion of the girl s family .
37 the story just out of jail and vow to go straight former jewel thief boston blackie undertake the reformation of a pretty blonde who have steal a necklace from a cabaret dancer . he learn that the jewel belong to the mother of the blonde girl and the blonde s philandering father give it as a gift to the cabaret girl . now blackie must find a way to return the necklace to the owner s safe without arouse the suspicion of the girl s family .
21 there be ruin of a medieval fortress in the vicinity call by the local krasen or kaleto . golden and silver jewel and coin date from different period have be find during excavation .
8 carly and simon end up steal some crown jewel and go on the run they leave oakdale but carly return to say goodbye to the child . jack be there and catch they but allow carly and simon to leave still in love with she and decide to set she free . after carly be go a bitter and lonely jack get involve with katie .
48 jack be there and catch they but allow carly and simon to leave still in love with she and decide to set she free . after carly be go a bitter and lonely jack get involve with katie . carly later return miss she old life return the jewel and leave simon . now parker be upset with carly and after a series of event he run away . after repeat attempt to get carly to understand that he be tire of hurt over and over and want to move on with katie jack finally tell carly that he could see himself marry katie .
40 partab chand send his soldier in disguise with his own jewelery to go down to the market of bhimber to get the much need supplies . his man go to a jeweller who be astonish when he see the royal jewel . the maharaja of bhimber siripat thakial learn about the man with the royal jewel and find out about the deployment of the kangra troops on hill top . he send his ambassador to partab chand which result a friendly meeting between the partab chand and the maharaja of bhimber .
55 partab chand send his soldier in disguise with his own jewelery to go down to the market of bhimber to get the much need supplies . his man go to a jeweller who be astonish when he see the royal jewel . the maharaja of bhimber siripat thakial learn about the man with the royal jewel and find out about the deployment of the kangra troops on hill top . he send his ambassador to partab chand which result a friendly meeting between the partab chand and the maharaja of bhimber .
38 timothy hearst timothy hearst ティモシー・ハースト timoshii haasuto be a small boy who be able to take over the body of other people due to a ball find in his forehead . this ball appear after his father a jewel thief make he swallow a jewel . he use his ability to steal treasure from the people and museum of paris under the moniker phantom thief g in an attempt to help fund the orphanage he stay in . after a stressful encounter involve a close friend and an akuma his innocence awaken and discover that he have the power of divine possession 憑神 tsukikami .
44 timothy hearst timothy hearst ティモシー・ハースト timoshii haasuto be a small boy who be able to take over the body of other people due to a ball find in his forehead . this ball appear after his father a jewel thief make he swallow a jewel . he use his ability to steal treasure from the people and museum of paris under the moniker phantom thief g in an attempt to help fund the orphanage he stay in . after a stressful encounter involve a close friend and an akuma his innocence awaken and discover that he have the power of divine possession 憑神 tsukikami .
50 use this power he be able to take possession of an akuma and transform into another form after the possession have take place . while he be possess the akuma he have access to all of its ability . the spirit of the innocence a sentient entity reside within the jewel of his innocence also appear . the spirit devour the spirit of the possess akuma who have be push out of the body . the innocence s spirit or second take a form from timothy s mind and have choose timothy s image of his future self .
16 the blackamoor be typically depict with a head cover usually a turban and cover in rich jewel and gold leaf . it be usually male . the early example often have european racial feature apart from the color .
51 one of the finest example of a blackamoor in the art be in the collection be the mohr mit smaragdstufe moor with emeraldplate . it be create by balthasar permoser in 1724 and be in the collection of the grünes gewölbe in dresden germany . the statue be richly decorate with jewel and be about 64 cm high .
56 accord to the museum of broadcast communications there be a cycle of film and television production which emerge during the first half of the 1980s which seem to indicate britain s grow preoccupation with india empire and a particular aspect of british cultural history . in addition to heat and dust this cycle also include the jewel in the crown 1984 and a passage to india 1984 . the film be enter into the 1983 cannes film festival . . .
2 finally the jewel of the centre be the visionarium whereby 120 visitor will have their own design platform to contribute to what the future singapore will be . it be here that everyone will play a part in build the country ’s future .
61 this series do not provide the concept of life or ring should a warrior fail a task by be catch by a demon or fail to navigate an obstacle in a challenge that warrior be instantly eliminate and play no further part in the quest and cannot be return or bring back in contrast to collect ring in raven or exchange jewel in the second spin-off the secret temple .
33 eily s reason with music by james l. molloy . publish by boosey on 27 february 1871 . three song from a sensation novel the detective s song the tyrannical bridegroom and the jewel . publish by hopwood co in 1871 . allen p . 32
17 mona lisa label m&i with european jazz trio with string fantasista label m&i with european jazz trio jewel of the madonna label m&i with european jazz trio the windmills of your mind label baybridge records tecw-25629 with art farmer and ejt
47 principal teraodai 寺尾台校長 teraodai-kōchō seiyū ichirō nagai the principal of the robot school and the inventor of the cat robot . the mysterious thief dorapent seiyū akira kamiya he be a mysterious thief from france clearly model after arsene lupin . he have a wand with a jewel on it use to change the material of one object into another eg . paper water rock china etc. . he fear the dark and dog .
7 complete in 2000 and describe as the jewel in the university s crown the john niland scientia building be a multi-purpose space use principally for conference and reception .
44 from a fairly rural landscape pre wwii proximity to split 8km as well as its attractive shoreline have transform podstrana into a very attractive suburb . peach growing have be replace by tourism which be now the dominant employer for the population . the jewel in the crown of podstrana s tourism be the le méridien lav split five star luxury hotel which attract wealthy clientele from usa europe and russia .
12 mannekin pis also know to some as “le petit julien” the family jewel have become brussels ’ oldest and best-known citizen . ever since he first appear on the brussels scene he have be present with innumerable set of clothes in an amazing and varied collection of style .
33 battersea shield be a 2004 ep by the orb and meat beat manifesto . it be sell in an embossed tin base on the design of the battersea shield instead of a standard jewel case . maxim jericho . . .
14 the swarm collin walcott grazing dream music mountain morning group improvisation grazing dream music jewel ornament don cherry/john abercrombie/collin walcott,grazing dream music graze dream collin walcott grazing dream music samba tala don um romao/collin walcott berimbau music prod . moon lake group improvisation grazing dream music
127 the library of this college establish in 1947 be attach to present extension department it have total collection of 42000 book and journal it have database collection like cab agris agricola pgrabst and other audio visual cd. after 1996 dr k m krishna assistant librarian jewel of india have take all possible effort to improve and modernise the library by add new infrastructure and new service to library in 2004 internet-cdrom unit have be start for all student and staff see also weblink it start with dial up network to ernet to wifi system now the other added unit be reprographic audio visual book-bank unit periodical unit technical unit old stack unit for book and journal cctv system etc of the library . he have be award jewel of india eminent citizen award in 2006 for outstanding contribution in library service .
4 in j be for jewel he help lead the attack on the castle with phobos knock down the gate . elyon return from she meditation and defeat phobo put gargoyle in a cell in the infinite city . gargoyle be release again in x be for xanadu when phobos betray his oath and release his minion to attack meridian and kandrakar .
43 frost lack intelligence and be a downright brute show his unintelligence by crimson be the rhino s name when he be black-green . frost be also very impatient have a short temper and never think before he act . in j be for jewel he help release prince phobos but when elyon return from she meditation she defeat phobos with frost and crimson be one of many imprison in the infinite city .
70 he be believe to be dead but aldarn s father aketon discover that he actually be in prison in phobos underwater mine from where he be rescue in the underwater mine . he fall in love with the mage 17 year ago without know that the real mage have die a year before that and be secretly replace by nerissa . after cedric s defeat elyon give he weira s jewel which contain nerissa who be trap inside it forever .
55 trill be a good natured red-headed woman who work in the castle before and during season 1 during the reign of phobos . she pass information onto the rebel and have help the guardian on some occasion . at the beginning of season 2 she be reward by elyon and likewise she give elyon a jewel that have once belong to elyon s mother . trill become elyon s maid much happier and more uplifted .
15 the heart of zamballa the heart of zamballa like the heart of kandrakar be a jewel but be show to be a partially live being . kadma consistently talk to the heart ask to be lend its power and to help their subject even occasionally ask for advice . the heart alike the heart of kandrakar have its own spirit and be the owner of its own power but be control by its holder .
55 judas cleverly argue with satan with his new faith but satan leave with a threat that he will raise up a king to retaliate . helen send word home to constantine who tell she to build a church on the hillside where the cross be find . she encase the true cross in gold and jewel and place it in the church . judas be baptize and put away his false religion . he be appoint to priesthood and be rename cyriacus because of his rebirth .
28 it be once the palace of fatma al-zahra and be an architectural masterpiece . its hall contain many rare painting statue and decoration . an inestimable collection of jewel of the muhammad ali dynasty 19th century be also exhibit . the museum be inaugurate on 24 october 1986 .
7 summary glass painting of the museum of jewel . alexandria egypt . license
8 john r. french at find a grave summary jewel present in the museum of jewel alexandria egypt . license
14 john r. french at find a grave summary jewel present in the museum of jewel alexandria egypt . license
2 summary some jewel exhibit in the museum of jewel alexandria egypt . license
8 summary some jewel exhibit in the museum of jewel alexandria egypt . license
17 see also summary a jewelry box with queen fawzia picture on it exhibit in the museum of jewel alexandria egypt . license
1 summary jewel with the name of king muhammad ali write upon which exhibit in the museum of jewel alexandria egypt . license
17 summary jewel with the name of king muhammad ali write upon which exhibit in the museum of jewel alexandria egypt . license
2 summary some jewel exhibit in the museum of jewel alexandria egypt . license
8 summary some jewel exhibit in the museum of jewel alexandria egypt . license
34 the dvd be release on march 14 2008 for rental and march 21 2008 for purchase . . . dark shadow s shizuka of the wind sneak into scrtc to steal a mysterious red jewel lead to the gekiranger confront she . when boukenblack boukenyellow and boukenblue appear a battle among the two group over the jewel occur at shizuka attempt to retreat until boukensilver retrieve from she . however satoru akashi arrive and take the jewel to his former teammate dismay .
39 . . dark shadow s shizuka of the wind sneak into scrtc to steal a mysterious red jewel lead to the gekiranger confront she . when boukenblack boukenyellow and boukenblue appear a battle among the two group over the jewel occur at shizuka attempt to retreat until boukensilver retrieve from she . however satoru akashi arrive and take the jewel to his former teammate dismay . soon after master sha-fu reveal that the red jewel in his possession be one of two that belong to the cosmic kenpō master pachacamac 宇宙拳法の使い手パチャカマック uchū kenpō no tsukaite pachakamakku who give they to brusa ee after their lengthy 200 day battle .
57 dark shadow s shizuka of the wind sneak into scrtc to steal a mysterious red jewel lead to the gekiranger confront she . when boukenblack boukenyellow and boukenblue appear a battle among the two group over the jewel occur at shizuka attempt to retreat until boukensilver retrieve from she . however satoru akashi arrive and take the jewel to his former teammate dismay . soon after master sha-fu reveal that the red jewel in his possession be one of two that belong to the cosmic kenpō master pachacamac 宇宙拳法の使い手パチャカマック uchū kenpō no tsukaite pachakamakku who give they to brusa ee after their lengthy 200 day battle . while this occur sakura go after the blue jewel in the rin jū hall and with satoru they battle rio and mele who join they soon after to gain the power that the cosmic kenpō style offer .
49 when boukenblack boukenyellow and boukenblue appear a battle among the two group over the jewel occur at shizuka attempt to retreat until boukensilver retrieve from she . however satoru akashi arrive and take the jewel to his former teammate dismay . soon after master sha-fu reveal that the red jewel in his possession be one of two that belong to the cosmic kenpō master pachacamac 宇宙拳法の使い手パチャカマック uchū kenpō no tsukaite pachakamakku who give they to brusa ee after their lengthy 200 day battle . while this occur sakura go after the blue jewel in the rin jū hall and with satoru they battle rio and mele who join they soon after to gain the power that the cosmic kenpō style offer . the gekirangers and boukengers head to south america where they race towards the darkness pathway ruin as bouken silver gekiviolet and gekichopper battle rin jū hippotamus-ken bākā .
65 however satoru akashi arrive and take the jewel to his former teammate dismay . soon after master sha-fu reveal that the red jewel in his possession be one of two that belong to the cosmic kenpō master pachacamac 宇宙拳法の使い手パチャカマック uchū kenpō no tsukaite pachakamakku who give they to brusa ee after their lengthy 200 day battle . while this occur sakura go after the blue jewel in the rin jū hall and with satoru they battle rio and mele who join they soon after to gain the power that the cosmic kenpō style offer . the gekirangers and boukengers head to south america where they race towards the darkness pathway ruin as bouken silver gekiviolet and gekichopper battle rin jū hippotamus-ken bākā . but once at the top after they be too late to stop the villain from get to the cosmic kenpō s secret akashi reveal that sakura be actually possess by pachacamac s descendant the evil cosmic kenpō master pachacamac xii 宇宙拳法の使い手パチャカマック１２世 uchū kenpō no tsukaite pachakamakku jū ni sei who use his power to turn rio mele and bākā into his pawn .
14 nancy s father carson drew be on the trail of an international ring of jewel thief and he ask nancy to assist he . the trail lead to a summer resort area . before nancy have a chance to start work on she father s case a golf caddy tell she a frighten tale .
59 nancy play golf here and she plan to win the trophy in the golf tournament until she topple into a flower bed and sprain she hand . several riddle confront the young detective as she attempt to solve the mystery of the haunt bridge and track down a woman suspect of be a key member of the gang of jewel thief .
9 # 春の日 haru no hi # blue flame #sayonara jewel # 記憶の海 kioku no umi — tv anime school days end theme # happy my life thank you for everything
12 girl by tricky flea # 1 da woman by tricky barcelona by jewel bust a move by young mc note to a friend by aleka s attic
92 grička vještica the witch of grič cycle of 7 novel secret of the bloody bridge countess nera malleus maleficarum the rival of maria theresa i the rival of maria theresa ii the courtly camarilla rebel on the throne zagorka s most popular work combine genre of a historical novel romance and adventure . set in the second half of the 18th century it tell the story of a beautiful young countess nera who be raise isolate from society by she grandmother . famed for she beauty and open-minded conduct she become the jewel of zagrebian aristocracy but she popularity among man cause strong discountenance among envious woman who see she as a threat . due to nera s attempt of save unfortunate low class woman from witch-burning she herself get accuse of witchcraft which open a protest of the aristocracy against the law for condemn a member of their society . all complaint to the queen be soon hinder by the female society leave nera at the mercy of the corrupted law .
52 she also disguise herself as a red-headed lady name trill . take up work in phobos castle in order to feed information back to the rebel and to become close to elyon once she be return to the throne . in season two she successfully siphon off elyon s power into a jewel which become the jewel version of the heart of meridian .
6 nerissa remain trap in weira s jewel which be the jewel version of the heart of meridian and be pass into the hand of julian and caleb. nerissa remain trap inside live out she dream of conquer the universe without realize that it be an illusion .
10 nerissa remain trap in weira s jewel which be the jewel version of the heart of meridian and be pass into the hand of julian and caleb. nerissa remain trap inside live out she dream of conquer the universe without realize that it be an illusion .
46 28 . . as a consequence there be a mixture of artistic style range from the early romanesque the subtle renaissance the heavy baroque and the more restrained neoclassic . this mixture be the most important feature of valencia cathedral and be what make it a jewel of universal architecture .
58 but as the gogo five fight off the saima sieg be mortally wound as go-red save he and promise to stop golomois as he leave sieg in kyoko s care . near death and regain his reason for fight sieg give kyoko his gem which that hold his demon hunter power in it . he transform with his jewel by call sieg tector . weapons sieg shot sieg sword sieg blaster
21 whodunit sherlock holmes-style detective pablo explore mystery manor s maze and secret passageway to find out who steal lady tasha s jewel . be it butler tyrone mr. austin frothingslosh or inspector uniqua underhood
33 his first appearance be when his leg be catch in a bear trap . he say that he have be stick there for day . mabelrose rescue he despite lose one of she jewel . boar know right then that she be a princess because she risk she wealth to save he . as a token of his appreciation he give she a bag of seed which come from a box on his jade collar .
45 tal o'nh an officer in the ildiran solar navy that be second only to adar zan'nh . the ildiran have only one eye the miss one have be lose in a starship explosion when he be only a septar and be replace by a faceted jewel . o'nh be the officer assign to hyrillka when designate ridek h be transport to the planet and aid the noble-born ildiran in settle in on the planet as well as manage the evacuation of the planet when it become clear that the system s sun be become unstable . he die when he guide an industrial sky facility into the ildira to buy time for other to leave the planet to save mage-imperator jora'h .
74 thomas vautor 2 mother i will have a husband sweet suffolk owl . john ward 2 come sable night out from the vale . thomas weelkes 11 as vesta be come sirrah jack ho hark all ye lovely saint o care thou wilt despatch i hence care thou art too cruel since robin hood sing we at pleasure strike it up tabor thule the period of cosmography the andalusian merchant thus sings my dearest jewel . john wilbye 8 adieu sweet amaryllis draw on sweet night flora give i fairest flower lady when i behold o what shall i do sweet honey-sucking bee yet sweet take heed weep weep mine eye .
45 victor have be fake his death . he be too ill to have major confrontation with his child and die a few week into the story . dorian then show up as mitch s new bride and she become enmesh in a storyline involve a jewel hunt as well as a curse that blinded mitch . mitch be later kill by jessica . another story involve the return of cord and tina s daughter sarah roberts as rock singer flash shanelle workman .
12 tina lord princess of mendorra return to llanview look for the crown jewel of mendorra which have be steal by ramsey . after ramsey be murder tina take the jewel only to be hold at gun point by american ambassador to mendorra jonas chamberlain . as cristian and sarah hide tina jonas come upon talia whom he force to trick sarah into a trap .
29 tina lord princess of mendorra return to llanview look for the crown jewel of mendorra which have be steal by ramsey . after ramsey be murder tina take the jewel only to be hold at gun point by american ambassador to mendorra jonas chamberlain . as cristian and sarah hide tina jonas come upon talia whom he force to trick sarah into a trap . jonas take talia and sarah to mendorra where carlo hesser reveal himself as talia s father .
46 in 1843 queen victoria appoint garrard to the position of crown jewellers lead to the production of numerous piece of silverware and jewellery for the royal family as well as the upkeep of the crown jewels . the company have deal with a number of famous jewel such as the cullinan diamond include cullinan i the great star of africa and create such piece as the imperial crown of india in 1911 the crown of queen mary for she coronation and the crown of queen elizabeth in 1937 . in 1852 garrard be give the responsibility of re-cutt the famous koh-i-noor diamond into a brilliant .
74 kaundinya s previous reincarnation bestow on the buddha and the sangha and wish that he be to be the first disciple of a future buddha . padumuttara be say to have prophesy the fulfilment of this in the era of gautama buddha 1000 aeon into the future . after the passing of padmuttara buddha kaundinya construct a jewelled chamber inside the cetiya in which the relic be store and also make an offering of jewel festoon . the apadana offer a variant on this reincarnation . it state that kaundinya be the first person to offer a meal to padumuttara and become a deva in the tusita world .
16 the front panel also have a bright red pilot light lens better know as pilot lamp jewel for its multiple triangular-shaped facet cover the pilot light make by the chicago miniature lamp co. . other colour scheme amber white green purple and blue be also available .
10 team history the elemental first appear inside four giant translucent jewel locate in four different city a ruby appear near the gotham city police department s central station an emerald appear atop metropolis galaxy communications building a diamond appear outside new york city s united nations building and a sapphire appear on a beach near the aquacave aquaman s headquarters .
72 for football the seat nearest the field be set farther back than at football-only stadium to accommodate the larger baseball field . in general spectator sightline be not optimized for either sport i .e . seat be angle towards the center of the field rather than towards the logical center of the gameplay action . likewise attempt to build stadium without support column to obstruct spectator view as be the case with jewel box stadium result in upper deck be place very high above the field .
6 emmett lowery 1934 robert kessler 1936 jewel young 1937 1938 fred beretta 1940 paul hoffman 1945 1946 1947
70 there be non-parental advisory release of both the regular album and the special edition album . the song give up bleed it out and hands held high be slightly edit by the removal of most profanity but not all . in malaysia clean edition for the album be available in digipak cover while the explicit edition available for the tour edition which feature white slipcase cardboard cover and a standard jewel case .
16 it be originally release as a special limited edition which feature a cardboard slipcase contain the jewel cd case as well as a small badge feature the doctor and rose as see on the cover artwork .
51 gatica be marry twice during this time . his first wife be ema fernández and they have a daughter maría eva name after argentina s first-lady evita perón . his second wife be ema nora guercio and she and gatica enjoy a luxurious lifestyle of fine dining expensive clothing sportscar expensive jewel and rub elbow with the elite of argentina .
42 a merchant s daughter betta continually refuse to marry . one day he ask she what she want he to bring she after a journey . she ask for large amount of sugar and sweet almond scented water musk and amber various jewel gold thread and above all a trough and a silver trowel . extravagant though it be he bring it .
30 the queen drug pintosmalto into sleep that night . betta s pleading go unheard . she use the second it conjure up a golden cage with a sing bird of jewel and gold and it go with it as with the coach .
67 the next day pintosmalto go to the garden and a cobbler who live nearby and have hear everything tell he about the lamenting woman . betta use the third saying which conjure up marvelous clothes and win she a third night . pintosmalto rouse at she account of she suffering and how she have make he he take everything the queen have take from betta and some jewel and money in recompense for she injury and they flee to she father s home . oral variant in calvino s version the heroine be a princess not a merchant s daughter the king give she flour and sugar when she declare she will make she own husband if she wish to marry and she bring the hero king pepper to life by sing a charm about how she have do various thing for six month to make he .
13 the king and his family be supply with everything they need include clothing jewel and workman for make ornament for the lady . the king live for 17 year in confinement and die of dropsy on january 30 1832 age fifty-two year .
63 mccallum pg . 176 178 the triad s inscription contain phrase very similar to two paekche piece a puyo triad image and a mandorlum once part of a triad date to 596 image . this mandorlum incorporate the typical feature find in older korean-style triad include the odd number of buddhas of the past the floral scroll inside the inner halo and the jewel find at the apex of the head halo .
63 an image type unique to the silla kingdom and not find in paekche goguryeo china or japan be a stand buddha at the national museum of korea . the face be child-like and calm the ushnisha be large and virtually indistinguishable from the head . interestingly the robe be wear on one shoulder a style popular in india and the image hold a jewel or lotus blossom in one out stretch hand . another interesting type of image be the image of buddha at birth . these image show buddha naked except for a ceremonial cloth around the waist .
95 despite have exclusive use of two movement an enicar automatic and a marvin manual wind herr lang do not call chronoswiss a manufacture in order to maintain that ultimate level of capability special . however this have not stop herr lang from be mechanically innovative with his watch among the watch which chronoswiss have become know for include the first wristwatch size regulator dial the regulateur a skeleton chronograph at an affordable price the opus and a unique jump-hour retrograde minute watch the delphis . chronoswiss be also one of the first to add additional jewel to the valjoux 7750 and replace plastic part in the lemania 1873 these addition be eventually adopt by eta and lemania as standard offering and option .
76 i obtain the orea in stainless steel from an authorized dealer in april 2000 after a wait of about two month . even though i have see the automatic version of this watch with a railroad style dial with arabic numeral and spade hand i have not see the more formal manual wind version . while a broad smile be certainly common when initially view a new watch purchase i be simply awe to see the jewel like overall presentation of the watch from the pure white enamel dial with its distinctive xii to the perfectly blued delicate breguet pomme hand to the highly-polished vintage-inspired rounded case with signature coin-edge milling .
3 the visible pivot jewel for the center wheel d third wheel e fourth wheel f and escape wheel g use pressed-in chaton which be a design feature contemporary with the initial design of the movement . the wheel train appear to have polished tooth face but the rest of the wheel be simply finish and leave with a matte texture . the standard complement of 17 jewel be mark which be generally consider fully jeweled this movement be jeweled to the center wheel .
66 the visible pivot jewel for the center wheel d third wheel e fourth wheel f and escape wheel g use pressed-in chaton which be a design feature contemporary with the initial design of the movement . the wheel train appear to have polished tooth face but the rest of the wheel be simply finish and leave with a matte texture . the standard complement of 17 jewel be mark which be generally consider fully jeweled this movement be jeweled to the center wheel . higher grade watch may have the barrel jewel and/or have additional cap jewel on the escape wheel as well .
60 the wheel train appear to have polished tooth face but the rest of the wheel be simply finish and leave with a matte texture . the standard complement of 17 jewel be mark which be generally consider fully jeweled this movement be jeweled to the center wheel . higher grade watch may have the barrel jewel and/or have additional cap jewel on the escape wheel as well .
61 the balance wheel m on this watch rotate at a relatively leisurely 21,600 bph but otherwise show some fully modern touch . note the large diameter of this three-spoke smooth-rimmed glucydur balance which maximize the performance of the balance assembly . the escape wheel and escape lever both show a very high polish under a 10x loupe n but the pallet jewel on this example be a bit milky which be an aesthetic demerit . a simple regulator p and hairspr stud carrier q be provide for the flat alas nivarox i hairspr unfortunately with no micrometric adjustment available . fortunately i will not have to re-regulate the watch as the performance of this watch have be admirable gain about 3 sec/day on the wrist or face up while the crown up position lose about 2 seconds a day .
7 terra cotta detailterra cotta detailother louis sullivan jewel box farmers and merchants bank columbus wisconsin 1919 henry adams building algona iowa 1913
50 cunningame tell fop that he be engage to marry mirabell whom he describe as mild and kind"--the complete opposite of fop s hellcat he charge fop to keep news of the engagement secret . fop swear the secret be safe with he . cunningame give fop a letter with a jewel in it to convey to mirabell he warn he to make sure that the niece do not see the letter he expect that fop will betray he and convey the jewel to the niece--this be his way of let the niece know that he have receive she token and be also able to play along with she witty game . fop swear to deliver the letter and exit .
81 cunningame tell fop that he be engage to marry mirabell whom he describe as mild and kind"--the complete opposite of fop s hellcat he charge fop to keep news of the engagement secret . fop swear the secret be safe with he . cunningame give fop a letter with a jewel in it to convey to mirabell he warn he to make sure that the niece do not see the letter he expect that fop will betray he and convey the jewel to the niece--this be his way of let the niece know that he have receive she token and be also able to play along with she witty game . fop swear to deliver the letter and exit .
18 fop tell the niece about cunningame s alleged engagement to mirabell and give she the letter with the jewel in it just as cunningame expect he would . the niece read the letter and immediately realize the jewel be intend for she not mirabell . she abuse fop terribly pretend to be nice for a moment when she think she hear oldcraft approach and then resume she former abuse .
37 fop tell the niece about cunningame s alleged engagement to mirabell and give she the letter with the jewel in it just as cunningame expect he would . the niece read the letter and immediately realize the jewel be intend for she not mirabell . she abuse fop terribly pretend to be nice for a moment when she think she hear oldcraft approach and then resume she former abuse . the guardianess enter and tell the niece that mirabell be wear she scarf .
74 wanda be as state jacque’s girlfriend see in the beginning of the series mostly wear nothing but panties and a bra and rub herself on something or someone . she’s not much but a hyper stripper or so it seem but she like gads mostly because they’re shiny and she can molest they . at some point this get she in serious trouble when she accidentally swallow a gad in the shape of a jewel only to have jacque punch she in the stomach to try to make she cough it up…which activate it . wanda become the first a-techode see in the series as jacque’s greed be transfer through the punch but eventually the gad burn out and she be leave alive amazingly enough .
43 the secret of chimneys and the seven dial mystery be publish and explicitly set four year apart . the intervening period be momentous for agatha christie herself . the secret of chimneys which concern the future of the herzoslovakian royal family and their jewel herzoslovakia be a fictional european state . be widely regard as the best of she earlier novel see for example robert barnard 1980 a talent to deceive but mark the end of she association with the publisher bodley head . in 1926 she go miss for eleven day end up in an hotel in harrogate some two hundred mile from she home in berkshire see generally jared cade 1998 agatha christie and the eleven missing day and in 1928 she be divorce from she first husband .
71 background production the film be shoot on location in paris nohant and venice from august to december 1998 . in an interview with the irish times entitle play with sand diane kurys reveal that she be shoot in the actual room sand and musset have occupy in the hotel danieli while juliette binoche reveal that sand s estate have loan the production some of she possession include a saphire ring and jewel incrust dagger . when ask what she inspiration for the film be kury s mention that musset s account of the affair in his book la confession d un enfant du siècle be she starting point . binoche say that she attraction to the part be due to sand s combination strength and weakness .
57 the owner intend to display the stone to the public put his dedicated chief of security in charge of keep it safe . but with the stake run high this be easier say than do . the developer hire a high-tech cat burglar from hong kong to steal the stone the owner s wayward son see the jewel as the perfect symbol of wealth and hatch a plan to use it to increase his chance at get lay and a gang of three con-man who hear about the jewel see it as their ticket to the big time . these three group find themselves in direct competition and find their attempt foiled as often by the security guard as by each other become more and more desperate as the film progress .
88 the owner intend to display the stone to the public put his dedicated chief of security in charge of keep it safe . but with the stake run high this be easier say than do . the developer hire a high-tech cat burglar from hong kong to steal the stone the owner s wayward son see the jewel as the perfect symbol of wealth and hatch a plan to use it to increase his chance at get lay and a gang of three con-man who hear about the jewel see it as their ticket to the big time . these three group find themselves in direct competition and find their attempt foiled as often by the security guard as by each other become more and more desperate as the film progress .
7 1973 splashing 1974 paris review 1975 western jewel 1976 no race 1977 absalom
37 stay at she villa nowthe hôtel la souveraine she die there on 6 september 1920 surround by she family at contrexéville . perry and pleshakov pp . 263-264 with the help of a family friend she renowned jewel collection be smuggle out of russia in a diplomatic bag . one of she tiara be today own by queen elizabeth ii . at she death she famous collection of jewel be divide up between she child grand duke boris gain the emerald grand duke cyril gain she pearl andrei get she ruby and she only daughter elena receive she diamond .
41 263-264 with the help of a family friend she renowned jewel collection be smuggle out of russia in a diplomatic bag . one of she tiara be today own by queen elizabeth ii . at she death she famous collection of jewel be divide up between she child grand duke boris gain the emerald grand duke cyril gain she pearl andrei get she ruby and she only daughter elena receive she diamond . a batch of cufflink and cigarette case be find yet in 2008 in the archive of the swedish foreign ministry . she deposit they at the swedish embassy in saint petersburg before she flee . .
22 in budapest he discuss some illegal business with harker . he also want jonathan s help in turn his collection of painting jewel and his gold deposit to cash . jonathan s friend businessman quincey morris specialising in money swindle and arthur holmwood a british diplomat who be in a debt offer to help . though jonathan and arthur have their doubt about the deal quincey convince they that money be all that matter and its one true power that make the world go around .
2 picture of jewel of alpha phi alpha dated 1907 100 year ago . license
33 at the end of this period on makaravilakku day usually january 13 or january 14 several event take place in which an eagle guard the temple citation need and the thiruvabaranam lord s jewel by continually circle it for day on end even amidst the congestion .
43 during the night there be not a star in the sky citation need apart from one star the makaranakshatram which devotee believe be the abode of the god in heaven await the final ceremony at the sabarimala temple . after the lord s jewel have be place on the idol the eagle fly away the single star in the sky disappear and an intense white light makarajyoti be see on the hillside of sabarimala in the distance citation need which devotee believe to be the lord himself appear . thousand each year come to sabarimala to witness the event .
5 monument parochial church of san-mateo jewel of the rural gothic his biggest chapel emulate in height and pretension to the gothic cathedral of plasencia or colaugh with vault of nervadura of a late gothic that surprise for his stateliness . of cathedral aspect for his dimension . his belfry be crown with stork .
13 comercial s home stadium be estádio dr. francisco de palma travassos nickname jóia jewel portuguese comercial futebol clube sp at arquivo de clubes inaugurate in 1964 with a maximum capacity of 35,000 people . portuguese estádio dr. francisco de palma travassos jóia at templos do futebol
63 on the morning of august 4 ike once again try to enter the milk dipper but he wake urataros who alert everyone to the man s entry . the wide awake hana and yuto give chase while urataros take control of ryotaro to help on the denbird . when they catch ike he reveal that he be try to retrieve a stash of jewel hide in the milk dipper from a successful robbery in 2000 while his partner katō be attempt to steal a rare necklace from hope jewelry with the molech imagin possess he . u-ryotaro and hana go to deal with the molech imagin while yuto deal with ike realize he too have a contract with an imagin as well . he chase ike run into the bloodsucker imagin who reveal that they plan to draw ryotaro out .
66 one life to live recap 6/27/08 abc.com tina and the vegas agree to accompany jonas back to mendorra in order to make an exchange the woman for the crown jewels . one life to live recap 6/30/08 abc.com in mendorra the real mastermind behind the kidnapping be reveal to be carlo hesser one life to live recap 7/3/08 abc.com and tina be desperate to exchange the jewel for sarah . one life to live recap 7/7/08 abc.com carlo bend on revenge for tina s part in his son s death year before drag tina sarah and cristian to the river above the treacherous hohenstein falls . tina be horrify as carlo reveal his intent to send sarah over the falls to she death deliberately echo tina s own nearly-fatal plunge over the iguazu falls in argentina in 1987 .
24 brezhneva marry four time and be regard as a wildchild by the soviet authority . in 1982 she be try and acquit of steal jewel from an animal trainer . she third husband be convict of bribery and corruption and sentence to twelve year in a labour camp . gradually she become an alcoholic and she own daughter place she in a psychiatric hospital where she die in 1998 .
35 throne of manchukuo the imperial concubine li yuqin be house in the east part of the second floor . the building today contain the manchukuo throne various piece of furniture some replica of the crown jewel flag some dress and uniform a copy of the manchukuo declaration of independence and other official item . high behind the throne be the national coat of arm with a five point star in different color represent the five nationality of manchukuo manchu red chinese yellow mongol blue japanese white and koreans black .
31 zhixiu house be a detached structure build in the early 1930 . it be use as an informal dining hall by emperor puyi . a portion of puyi s cash and jewel be keep in the two safe in the back apartment . after puyi s second younger sister marry zheng guangyuan they live here for a time . when the tongde building be complete this structure be transform into a school for the child of the palace employee .
16 on september 30 2009 ryuichi release a new single brilliant stars include a tie-up song with jewel brand gemceree. as a new signee of avex group ryuichi also debut on hard na yaon 2009 concert at the same month along with many artist from the group . for the rest of 2009 ryuichi have be busy perform on stage include an annual live concert on december 31th .
38 after fall in love with the mortal anna hans heiling plan to leave the underworld empire of erdgeister to wed she . ignore the attempt of his mother the queen to persuade he to stay he take some jewel and a magic book enable he to retain power over his underworld subject .
54 shortly before his execution he have claim to the british commanding officer that his treasure have be hide under a rock in the wood of barnalyra . after gallagher s execution the officer lead several cavalryman to barnalyra and upon a long search of thousand of rock within the area they reportedly recover a jewel hilt sword . it have be speculate that gallagher may have be hope to lead they to the site in the hope his man would be able to rescue he from their hideout near the derryronane-curryane border although the treasure be never recover .
20 release the album be first release in 2005 in a limited-edition digipak format then later in 2006 in a standard jewel case both on translation loss records . additionally an acoustic remix of au pays natal be also record but be not include in the album rather it be release as a download-only track on the band s website . the album s liner note contain the url of a secret section of the band s website which allow fan who purchase a copy of the album access to the acoustic au pays natal lyric and photo .
15 flurious go to moltor s base suggest that with miratrix and kamdor search for the jewel it be time for the two brother to put their difference aside and work together . they do manage to beat the megazord with the cyborg-zord moltor build and capture mack in the process . but mack use their own suspicion and past issue to set they against each other and at the end of the episode they be fight once more follow the ranger .
28 flurious be one of the least active of the villain and have have the least success as a result . he originally tend to not search for the jewel and just wait for moltor to find they so he could steal they . however with the fear cat debut his way of think soon change . he briefly attempt to work with other villain he bring back the fearcat as cyborg with his gyro technology intend for they to work for he man of mercury and team up with kamdor to find the cannon of ki amuk behind the scene .
77 all three villain battle each other as a result and aside from thrax s alliance this be the last flurious have try work with other . the only exception since then come when the fearcat be destroy and flurious make a one-chance offer to moltor to work for he though it be unlikely that he think his brother would actually take he up on the offer home and away . flurious get his hand on the third jewel of the corona aurora thanks to norg . however he do not show gratitude towards the poor yeti two fallen foe . flurious use his jewel to destroy moltor s lair then commit fratricide by lure he to his lair and take the corona aurora before freeze he solid then shatter he .
33 flurious get his hand on the third jewel of the corona aurora thanks to norg . however he do not show gratitude towards the poor yeti two fallen foe . flurious use his jewel to destroy moltor s lair then commit fratricide by lure he to his lair and take the corona aurora before freeze he solid then shatter he . use the combine power of the blue sapphire and the crown flurious be able to locate the ranger base where the remaining jewel be hide nothing to lose .
67 however he do not show gratitude towards the poor yeti two fallen foe . flurious use his jewel to destroy moltor s lair then commit fratricide by lure he to his lair and take the corona aurora before freeze he solid then shatter he . use the combine power of the blue sapphire and the crown flurious be able to locate the ranger base where the remaining jewel be hide nothing to lose .
12 after an assault on their home flurious steal the rest of the jewel . he then complete the crown and power up to his ultimate form a powerful golem/snowman-like monster compose of stone and ice call flurrex . he then begin to bring a new ice age to the planet .
64 he wound himself and be heal by tyzonn and rose in return he later use a healing ritual to save tyzonn s life after the ranger be wound by the fearcat one fine day . he prove he be an excellent tracker when he help the black ranger find the fearcat hideout . norg try to prove himself to flurious by steal the third jewel from kamdor . he succeed by coincidence and give it to flurious who despite the effort of norg do not thank he or change his perception of he . he then befriend tyzonn s fiancee vella who see that he be not like flurious and his soldier .
10 with his volcano lair fall apart due to flurious s jewel moltor decide to lead his lava lizard in an all out attack on the ranger to gain the remain jewel . mack arrive to get the crown from moltor and a vicious battle ensue which end when the other ranger come to get mack out . in his weakened state flurious be easily able to destroy he and take the crown .
30 with his volcano lair fall apart due to flurious s jewel moltor decide to lead his lava lizard in an all out attack on the ranger to gain the remain jewel . mack arrive to get the crown from moltor and a vicious battle ensue which end when the other ranger come to get mack out . in his weakened state flurious be easily able to destroy he and take the crown .
12 kamdorkamdor kamdor be miratrix s master . he be trap inside a jewel that miratrix wear around she neck after he save she on a distant planet and be eventually release by a device will steal for miratrix while undercover . he wield two sword that can combine to form a double-bladed nagina and he can create monster and enlarge they use sutra . he have no footsoldier but once brainwash ninja-garbed stuntman at a movie set into serve he .
13 he battle both the rangers and other villain in his search for the jewel he have clash with moltor and the fearcat several time . he have briefly work with flurious and be part of thrax s army teaming up with mig to attack stonehenge once a ranger but his alliance be brief and do not last . he have clash with will several time first when the ranger be pretend to defect to evil kamdor never trust he again to steal the third jewel .
84 he battle both the rangers and other villain in his search for the jewel he have clash with moltor and the fearcat several time . he have briefly work with flurious and be part of thrax s army teaming up with mig to attack stonehenge once a ranger but his alliance be brief and do not last . he have clash with will several time first when the ranger be pretend to defect to evil kamdor never trust he again to steal the third jewel . dinally he accuse will of constantly fail in the last episode show a specific contempt of he and be quite surprised to find how strong will really be in their final clash .
17 he and miratrix have have greater success than most of their rival villain in search for the jewel mostly due to the fact that they be more covert than the other villain who mostly use brute force . they be able to steal the parchment leave behind by the ho-oh bird the third jewel of the corona aurora one gets away and locate and gain the fourth jewel though ronny use she superspeed to pickpocket it from he .
53 he and miratrix have have greater success than most of their rival villain in search for the jewel mostly due to the fact that they be more covert than the other villain who mostly use brute force . they be able to steal the parchment leave behind by the ho-oh bird the third jewel of the corona aurora one gets away and locate and gain the fourth jewel though ronny use she superspeed to pickpocket it from he .
67 he and miratrix have have greater success than most of their rival villain in search for the jewel mostly due to the fact that they be more covert than the other villain who mostly use brute force . they be able to steal the parchment leave behind by the ho-oh bird the third jewel of the corona aurora one gets away and locate and gain the fourth jewel though ronny use she superspeed to pickpocket it from he .
83 aside from be imprison save she life he have show an amiable working relationship with she . when she be knock fly by the fearcat he sound genuinely concern . however he still do not view she as an equal and leave she out of the detail of some of his plan he organize an alliance with flurious without she and he be show not inform she of the plan in advance and send she against the rangers while he search for the jewel even though she technically be not need thing not say . the relationship have collapse and he tell she that he be wrong to think she could be more than she is dismiss she as a worthless greedy underling .
32 later he make his final move in wait for the rangers to do the hard work and then attack with sudden force successfully steal the golden plate that lead to the fifth jewel . he also imprison miratrix in the jewel that have once hold he . he use the third jewel to summon a meteor to earth as a diversionary tactic and will have to face kamdor in a solo duel while the other rangers handle the meteor .
40 later he make his final move in wait for the rangers to do the hard work and then attack with sudden force successfully steal the golden plate that lead to the fifth jewel . he also imprison miratrix in the jewel that have once hold he . he use the third jewel to summon a meteor to earth as a diversionary tactic and will have to face kamdor in a solo duel while the other rangers handle the meteor . during this time kamdor switch to his duel mode where his mask part give way to reveal his true gray monstrous face .
51 later he make his final move in wait for the rangers to do the hard work and then attack with sudden force successfully steal the golden plate that lead to the fifth jewel . he also imprison miratrix in the jewel that have once hold he . he use the third jewel to summon a meteor to earth as a diversionary tactic and will have to face kamdor in a solo duel while the other rangers handle the meteor . during this time kamdor switch to his duel mode where his mask part give way to reveal his true gray monstrous face . kamdor deliberately take this battle to the end be eventually destroy by the black ranger and the plate be retrieve .
49 miratrix be first show in she human disguise of mira . fake a monster attack for dax to save she from she manage to become his girlfriend and use this position to gain the sword of neptune scroll . she slip up by mention the rangers quest for the jewel about which dax have never tell she as a result she be trick into steal a fake scroll and she plan be thwart .
19 miratrix have serve kamdor loyally after he be imprison save she life and together they search for the corona jewel . she be a dangerous warrior face the rangers with she hand-to-hand and tanto sword skill . she be attract to will when he pretend to defect and be anger when she discover it have be an act .
48 she have a strong partnership with kamdor and be always at his side serve he loyally . she seem very friendly with he but she be once frustrate by not be let in on his plan and be dispatch against the rangers while he search for the fourth jewel . she appear to have believe she be consider an equal whereas he actually treat she as a trust subordinate . finally after an unsuccessful attempt at reclaim the octavian chalice from the ranger kamdor tell miratrix he be tire of she failure and state she be only an underling and he d be a fool to believe she could be more .
88 she be transform into a giant owl-like monster thanks to its energy and in this form have enough power to take down the battlefleet megazord until tyzonn and ronny manage to break she connection to the chalice . after be defeat by the rangers and revert back to she normal form kamdor arrive without warn to exploit the situation . he reveal he have be use she to do just what she have do and after let miratrix have a moment of despair he imprison she in the jewel he have originally be seal in .
4 whether kamdor have the jewel at the time of his eventual destruction be unknown though flurious state that miratrix be also destroy .
24 generalissimo a sextant/chalk monster that assist kamdor and miratrix in a museum robbery to steal a gem that they think be a corona aurora jewel .
14 originally mig and his partner cheetar come to earth to find and use the jewel of the corona aurora to free their kind from the prison mirror but after become impatient they use ronny s morpher instead . as a result benglo be free before the prison mirror itself be destroy by tyzonn which in turn also destroy the remain fearcat imprison within . cheetar then sacrifice himself to save the two stronger fearcat by use the last of his strength to grow and confront the rangers zord in a battle to the death .
57 use their enhanced power they almost kill the rangers in the first few confrontation until tyzonn step in as the mecury ranger . though flurious originally intend for the fearcat to serve he the duo betray he by steal the giant robot he build and strike out on their own . they decide to find the corona jewel to fulfil their own ambition and eliminate tyzonn for the destruction of their fearcat army . they be stronger than before now that they be cyborg and use the very same technology to fashion their own giant robot .
22 cheetar cheetar be a black cat/cheetah fearcat with a short violent temper who come to earth with mig to search for the jewel of the corona aurora in an attempt to free their army from the prison mirror . cheetar and mig kidnap ronny and successfully manage to free benglo from the mirror only for it to be destroy by ronny and tyzonn thus destroy the other fearcat still seal within . later on cheetar take the hit from the drill blaster for mig and benglo .
49 at the ball the two woman confront lord rainbow tell he they cannot decide the issue between they and ask he to choose between they by lot . he do and find that both lot be blank . lord rainbow accept his chastisement gracefully and give each woman a jewel .
54 such frivolity prevail above all among the wealthy . we find these evil quality among the proud representative of the congregation who have grow rich through deal in money . they cast off everything that remind they of their judaism they seek to dazzle by princely luxury their wife and daughter array themselves in jewel like princess and swell with pride they deem themselves the prince of the land . therefore the great punishment come it be inevitable . how much our rich co-religionist could learn from their christian neighbor
42 helen lovejoy — with shop bag holy rollers bowl bag bowl trophy and wrestling poster for el bombastico freddy quimby with golf bag golf club surfboard and bowl of chowder tuxedo krusty with microphone microphone stand coffee cup gabbo newspaper headline and jewel encrust clown nose legs — with a switchblade rifle picture of the miss skinner and a bill counter princess kashmir — with frame picture of she and homer camera and boombox
27 lipstick main article lipsticklip with various shades of lipstick apply . lipstick be know to have be use around 5000 year ago in ancient babylon when semi-precious jewel be crush and apply to the lip and occasionally around the eye . ancient egyptians extract purplish-red dye from fucus-algin 0.01 % iodine and some bromine mannite which result in serious illness . cleopatra have she lipstick make from crushed carmine beetle which give a deep red pigment and ant for a base .
18 come on now social indigo girl 1999 it be about time bobby whitlock 1999 jupiter swallow the moon jewel 1999 big slow mover phil cody 2001 buddy julie miller buddy julie miller 2001
20 every 5 or so level the image behind the puzzle board change . there be an accompanying story . additional jewel be add .
40 mexico iceland europe africa south america australia china alaska east asia be the region . in each region there be several location to choose from and each level have multiple pass . new to jq3 be that some of the jewel have special property .
30 follow a public campaign in 1994 work begin on restore the park to its victorian glory fund by a £4 million grant from the heritage lottery fund describe as the jewel in the crown of the city centre regeneration . . . the sunderland museum and winter gardens be rebuild the lake be restore the bandstand be rebuild and the park be re-shap and adorn with numerous statue .
11 blackmail in blankshire 1949 gold and gaiters 1950 the nabob s jewel 1953 blessed blunder 1954 .
64 another contender to win the throne of sicily be beatrice s nephew edmund crouchback but it soon become clear that charles be the more promising candidate . in order to achieve his goal charles need an army and beatrice help she husband raise one . she call on all she knight as well as the young man of france and she pledge all she jewel to make sure they join she husband army .
14 beatrice to aid he charles in the gratification of she ambition sell all she jewel and personal ornament and expend she private treasure in collect round she standard not only she own vassal but the chivalric youth of france who be attract to she service not less by she personal solicitation than by she rich gift . angelo da constanzo
44 the semi-circular topmost portion symbolize siddhashila which be a zone beyond the three realm . all of the siddhas liberate bodiless soul reside on this forever liberate from the cycle of life and death . the three dot on the top symbolize triratna three jewel – samyak darshan right belief samyak gyan right knowledge samyak charitra right conduct . every creature in this world can become free from the cycle of life and death . this give the message that it be necessary to have triratna in order to attain moksha .
78 the magical necklace refer to simply as the necklace of harmonia allow any woman wear it to remain eternally young and beautiful . it thus become a much-coveted object amongst woman of the house of thebes in greek myth . although no solid description of the necklace exist it be usually describe in ancient greek passage as be of beautifully work gold in the shape of two serpent whose open mouth form a clasp and inlay with various jewel .
44 although 1965 would mark a change in the effigy of queen elizabeth ii the year would offer five different variety of the dollar . variety 1 and 2 the small bead on the obverse of the coin define variety 1 and 2. the rear jewel on queen elizabeth ii ’s tiara be well attach . the 5 in 1965 have two variety . there be a pointed 5 the point be at the bottom while there be another version with a blunt 5 the bluntness be at the bottom of the 5 too .
52 there be a pointed 5 the point be at the bottom while there be another version with a blunt 5 the bluntness be at the bottom of the 5 too . variety 3 and 4 the large bead on the obverse of the coin define variety 3 and 4 . the rear jewel on queen elizabeth ii ’s tiara be well attach . the 5 in 1965 have two variety . there be a pointed 5 the point be at the bottom while there be another version with a blunt 5 the bluntness be at the bottom of the 5 too .
38 bear at woodstock palace in oxfordshire on 16 june 1332 she be a pampered baby lie in a gilded cradle line with taffeta and cover with a fur coverlet . she wear gown of italian silk embroider with jewel and line with fur . she have along with she sibling a household of servant which include a personal chaplain musician a noble governor and governess and three wait woman as well as a staff of esquire clerk butler cook groom and other attendant . barbara w. tuchman a distant mirror page 215-16 isabella spend she childhood in the household of william and elizabeth st omer which also include isabella s older brother edward and younger sister joan .
57 paulina s marital ambition have lately be confirm by some wander astrologer who be actually a group of bandit in disguise lead by frapolo . he and his band return to antonio s castle now disguise as prince farnese and his court . paulina be completely fool and prepare to leave with frapolo and with all she jewel and plate .
5 ben folds five luther vandross jewel tori amos royal trux awards
70 at scrtc ken get frustrate that the other gekiranger minus retsu want to use sozyuto themselves . while this occur retsu help sharkie in move elehung s thing until they find a diamond he get from a hong kong starlet he date in the past . this turn out to be the raspberry diamond which cost 20 billion yen and attract the attention of the blossom-storm sisters a trio of jewel thief who seek to take the diamond for its beauty . during the fight one of the sister cherry save retsu from get hurt . but the sister be later attack by a rinshī who be also after the diamond to bribe mele into promote he to the rinrinshi rank .
47 thing become much more complicate when he run into a mysterious woman rosalind van hoorn virginia mayo who just so happen to perfectly resemble the girl of his dream . rosalind be work with she uncle peter van hoorn konstantin shayne to help secure some dutch crown jewel hide from the nazis during world war ii .
32 this be in 1920 . mccoy receive a package of jewelry from mora prior to she death . she husband claim that mccoy have strip from mora more than $ 12,000 in jewel .
82 at 6 year old he have start steal baseball card and matchbox toy car from a woolworths in island park ny . by the age of 10 golder be steal bicycle from other kid during the weekend . at 16 golder leave school to pursue crime full time first hit record store bakery and shop and then graduate to home invasion and burglary by 21 year old when he be notice by the genovese crime family as he deposit large quantity of jewel at a fence in new york city .
15 between 1976 and 1980 golder allegedly steal an estimate $ 25 million dollar worth of jewel and cash . golder be stop in an alley in beverly hills late one evening in 1976 . on a hunch a beverly hills police officer detain golder for burglary .
4 it come in a jewel case without a regular sleeve but with a backing insert similar to the one for crying in the rain and dark be the night u.s. promotional cd-single .
72 powers katherine a. your cheatin ear adultery on audiotape . forbes fyi may 6 1996 p . s33 phoebe-lou adams of the atlantic monthly wonder why such an exciting and adjective-rich narrative be originally reject speculate “could the objection have be simply that the heroine on discover that she have be dupe into a false marriage with a murderer fail to collapse and die of shame instead she scoop up the available jewel flee by night through a window and repudiate any guilt in the affair . perfectly sensible of she but perhaps not what reader of victorian light literature be prepare to approve . ” adams phoebe-lou .
12 early plan intend to name the new area kahurangi māori for blue/precious jewel . this have now be replace with wynyard quarter though it be still generally refer to as tank farm include when talk about the whole western reclamation . brian rudman it be quite simple mr politician we want it all and we want it now new zealand herald monday 02 july 2007
12 # dark days judie tzuke/gareth gates # spin judie tzuke/martin terefe # jewel judie tzuke/david p goodes # we do not judie tzuke/david see # this time judie tzuke/ciara newell/graham kearns
45 in sentinel novel by jack mckinney the haydonites be mostly represent by sarna and veidt who be charter member of the sentinel . they originally appear as float robe being with armless body hairless mouthless face and a jewel-like object on their forehead . this jewel be capable of emit an energy beam . ambassador veidt make an appearance in the robotech prelude to the shadow chronicles comic book miniseries in his redesigned form . it be not clear whether veidt be one of the haydonites depict in the shadow chronicles movie as none of they be ever name .
4 2008 season john legend jewel summer jam feature lil wayne ice cube wyclef jean and more stevie wonder
30 allegations of betrayal of the romanov some have accuse she of betray the family by take money from they and later inform their guard that the romanov child have sew jewel into their clothing . king greg and wilson penny the fate of the romanovs john wiley and sons inc. 2003 isbn 0-471-20768-3 pp . 68-69 141-143 however this be impossible since the bolsheviks have no idea the jewel be in the clothes until after the execution .
62 some have accuse she of betray the family by take money from they and later inform their guard that the romanov child have sew jewel into their clothing . king greg and wilson penny the fate of the romanovs john wiley and sons inc. 2003 isbn 0-471-20768-3 pp . 68-69 141-143 however this be impossible since the bolsheviks have no idea the jewel be in the clothes until after the execution . yurovsky state they shoot the daughter but nothing happen then yermakov set the bayonet in motion and that do not help then they be finally finish off by be shoot the head . only in the forest do i discover what hamper the shooting of the daughter .
94 this be why neither bullet nor bayonet yield result during the shooting and bayonet blow ..there turn out to be eighteen pound of such valuable . steinberg and khrustalev p . 361-362 one of the large diamond that have be carefully cover and conceal in a button which buxhoeveden allegedly inform about be never discover by the bolsheviks and be later find by the whites after they take ekaterinburg trample into the mud at the grave site . the relic be identify by two former servant who have help the grand duchesses sew the jewel into the clothing . robert wilton last day of the romanovs 1920 p.344-345 these piece of information should put an end to all rumor that the bolsheviks be ever aware of the hidden jewel prior to the execution and clear sophie s name on that charge .
50 the relic be identify by two former servant who have help the grand duchesses sew the jewel into the clothing . robert wilton last day of the romanovs 1920 p.344-345 these piece of information should put an end to all rumor that the bolsheviks be ever aware of the hidden jewel prior to the execution and clear sophie s name on that charge .
38 sokolov report page 126-131 robert k. massie nicholas and alexandra"p.464-467 old hardback p.489-492 new softback the maid anna romanova be an accomplice of soloviev. romanova say by some to have join buxhoeveden in the alleged betrayal over the jewel and be supposedly interrogated in on the subject in ekaterinburg actually never even make the trip and stay in tobolsk . last day of the romanovs p.125 the verdict be sophie be not guilty .
8 autumn reverie 秋思 autumn mean aging and this jewel of a story focus on the power and fragility of beauty .
19 3 the underwater world 2007 2007 1703 when the rangers go to atlantis to find one of the five jewel of the corona will refuse to cooperate with the rest of the team . 4 heart of blue 2007 2007 1704
18 6 pirate in pink 2007 2007 1706 when the rangers go to saint lucia in search of a jewel they meet the ghostly pirate brownbeard who be also determine to find it for himself . 7 at all cost 2007 2007 1707
31 12 face to face ii 2007 2007 1712 mack and tyzonn be ambush by bullox and a group of lava lizards as rangers try to find mack and reclaim the next jewel of the crown . 13 man of mercury i 2007 2007 1713
16 19 one get away 2007 2007 1719 use the compass the rangers finally find the 3rd jewel of the corona aurora . will be entrust to get it back to the base but be ambush by kamdor miratrix and lose it to the villainous pair . with andrew anger at he he resign only to have spencer offer he another chance .
77 mack then become enrage at his father andrew convince mack to help the other ranger . mack then say he will go but he be take rose s new robot technology he arrive at the fight and activate the sentinel sword get his battilizer and become the red sentinel ranger defeat all of kamdor s monster . kamdor flee with the star of isis but at the last second ronny use she super speed to steal the jewel . 26 red ranger unplug 2007 2007 1726
25 29 way back when 2007 2007 1729 the rangers view mack s memory on a video screen to remind themselves of the status of each jewel to figure out who have they and to try to figure out where to begin their search for the final jewel . they first view the location of the four earlier jewel which prove fruitless but thanks to a little help from spencer they eventually reveal the next location greece . 30
46 29 way back when 2007 2007 1729 the rangers view mack s memory on a video screen to remind themselves of the status of each jewel to figure out who have they and to try to figure out where to begin their search for the final jewel . they first view the location of the four earlier jewel which prove fruitless but thanks to a little help from spencer they eventually reveal the next location greece . 30
56 way back when 2007 2007 1729 the rangers view mack s memory on a video screen to remind themselves of the status of each jewel to figure out who have they and to try to figure out where to begin their search for the final jewel . they first view the location of the four earlier jewel which prove fruitless but thanks to a little help from spencer they eventually reveal the next location greece . 30 two fallen foe 2007 2007 1730
24 30 two fallen foe 2007 2007 1730 the rangers travel to greece where they invoke an ancient ritual in order to find the next jewel . kamdor angry that miratrix fail he again berate she . miratrix seek more power intercept the ritual and become a giant bird-like creature .
39 he be the owner of the holy guacamole land amusement park . his main attack style be the fist of gorgeousness . this involve the control and manipulation of all monetary item from coin to paper money to precious jewel . one of the most devastating of these attack include wrap his opponent with paper bill to transform they into what they be worth . he can also send opponent into a world base on the board game sugoroku and power up his gorgeous shinken ゴルヅヤ-ス 真拳 super fist of gorgeousness in the dub ability by fuse with the many precious gem he can collect all over his armor .
39 he be the owner of the holy guacamole land amusement park . his main attack style be the fist of gorgeousness . this involve the control and manipulation of all monetary item from coin to paper money to precious jewel . one of the most devastating of these attack include wrap his opponent with paper bill to transform they into what they be worth . he can also send opponent into a world base on the board game sugoroku and power up his gorgeous shinken ゴルヅヤ-ス 真拳 super fist of gorgeousness in the dub ability by fuse with the many precious gem he can collect all over his armor .
16 the film be shoot just south of puerto vallarta mexico on la jolla de mismaloya the jewel of mismaloya . due in no small part to the presence of cast member richard burton and actress elizabeth taylor who be carry on a very public affair at the time 1963 the filming attract large number of paparazzus make international headline and in turn make puerto vallarta world-famous .
7 the lone wolf be michael lanyard a jewel thief turn private detective in a series of novel write by louis joseph vance and a large number of film base on and inspire by the book . the character also appear briefly on radio and tv .
82 christopher dunkley of the financial times list the series as one of the top ten tv highlight of the year say against nature be one of the most brilliantly successful and persuasive piece of polemic it have ever be my pleasure to watch on television . producer/director martin durkin set out to show that while the green may fancy themselves as folk hero and rebel there be good reason to see they as timid and dangerous conservative . the programme take up jewel after jewel in the green crown and show they to be fake … give the notorious inability of politician to catch even the most important television programme it might be an idea if this one be load onto a cassette and screen on the westminster monitor on the hour every hour for a week or so . christopher dunkley financial times . write in the radio times polly toynbee write it’s not often a programme take your breath away with a truly daring political thesis . after all television be mean to be anodyne when it come to opinion .
84 christopher dunkley of the financial times list the series as one of the top ten tv highlight of the year say against nature be one of the most brilliantly successful and persuasive piece of polemic it have ever be my pleasure to watch on television . producer/director martin durkin set out to show that while the green may fancy themselves as folk hero and rebel there be good reason to see they as timid and dangerous conservative . the programme take up jewel after jewel in the green crown and show they to be fake … give the notorious inability of politician to catch even the most important television programme it might be an idea if this one be load onto a cassette and screen on the westminster monitor on the hour every hour for a week or so . christopher dunkley financial times . write in the radio times polly toynbee write it’s not often a programme take your breath away with a truly daring political thesis . after all television be mean to be anodyne when it come to opinion .
49 wet season flooding in the area around the market be a vestige evidence of the existence of the old lake . the entrance to the market be line with souvenir merchant hawk everything from t-shirt and postcard to silver curio and krama . inside be a dazzling display of jewel and gold . electronic goods stationery secondhand clothes and flower be also in ample supply .
24 he have play in several role include sir andrew ffoulkes in the scarlet pimpernel mount in good and bad at games reggie in the jewel in the crown det . sgt . hobson ba in the beiderbecke affair later det .
15 # 주기도문 shoo # snow baby dong wan jun jin fly to the sky # jewel song boa # white mail yoo young jin # i miss you shoo eric andy shinvi
48 during 1659 it suffer damage by the ruler of the time the grandson of the carpenter thirumalai naick . his grandson chockanatha naick in order to carry the material to trichy to establish a new palace pull down some of the portion like rangavilasam . the throne costly jewel and other valuable treasure be take to trichy . the material be not utilize at trichy and no palace be construct . much of the rest of the palace disappear .
87 gezoians ゲぞ星人 gezo seijin a pair of ammonite-headed alien name suru スル and mē メー with a superiority complex from planet gezo in a farway galaxy use two suit of samurai armor as puppet to act for they on earth . since the aoba incident they cause they start to slaughter various daimyo while search for japan s protected key point edo castle to bring ruin to the country so their people can take it over . when they wound hayabusa she take one of the egg-like jewel from their chest and give it to she brother to aid he in track they down . their action attract inazuma s attention seal raiden and senden in gourd to prevent their interference . the two then overpower hayate when he attempt to get his revenge on they only to be halt by hien who destroy the puppet .
15 the album be release in a limited edition of 700 . 500 come in a jewel case version with an insert and clear tray and 200 come in a special digipak .
63 rabbi gutstein remain active academically throughout his career . in 1948 he receive a doctorate in hebrew literature from the jewish theological seminary of america and be award an honorary doctor of divinity degree from the seminary in 1967 . dr. louis finkelstein chancellor of the seminary say to he in award he his honorary doctor of divinity “you have add one more jewel to the crown that be your family ’s name . ”
30 saint evrard have another daughter who carry the name of gisèle she mother . but she be dead at the time of his testimony . the testimony split equally the jewel and ornament of the saint the precious object of his chappel and the book of his library . it be date 867 the 28th year of the reign of lothaire s son louis le jeune . saint evrard die the same year 16 december .
26 in 2004 businessweek name grayer one of the best manager of the year for his leadership in establish kaplan as the washington post company’s financial crown jewel . the company ’s growth under his leadership have be report on by other national and international media include fortune forbes dr. cram forbes.com the wall street journal free preview wsj.com and the financial times .
11 watch jewelsjewel bearing and capstone use in balance wheel pivot.ordinary hole jewel bearing.jewel bearing be invent and introduce in watch by nicolas fatio or facio de duillier and pierre and jacob debaufre around 1702 milham willis i. 1945 . . time and timekeepers
34 they do not become widely use until the mid 19th century . until the 20th century they be grind from tiny piece of natural gem . watch often have garnet quartz or even glass jewel only top quality watch use sapphire ruby or diamond . in 1902 a process to grow artificial sapphire crystal be invent make jewel much cheaper . jewel in modern watch be all synthetic sapphire or usually ruby make of corundum al 2 o 3 one of the hardest substance know .
45 until the 20th century they be grind from tiny piece of natural gem . watch often have garnet quartz or even glass jewel only top quality watch use sapphire ruby or diamond . in 1902 a process to grow artificial sapphire crystal be invent make jewel much cheaper . jewel in modern watch be all synthetic sapphire or usually ruby make of corundum al 2 o 3 one of the hardest substance know . the only difference between sapphire and ruby be that different impurity have be add to change the color there be no difference in their property as a bearing .
35 watch often have garnet quartz or even glass jewel only top quality watch use sapphire ruby or diamond . in 1902 a process to grow artificial sapphire crystal be invent make jewel much cheaper . jewel in modern watch be all synthetic sapphire or usually ruby make of corundum al 2 o 3 one of the hardest substance know . the only difference between sapphire and ruby be that different impurity have be add to change the color there be no difference in their property as a bearing . hahn ed . timezone .com
11 hahn ed . timezone .com . . the advantage of use jewel be that their ultrahard slick surface have a lower coefficient of friction with metal . the static coefficient of friction of steel-on-steel be 0.58 while that of sapphire-on-steel be 0.10-0.15 . hahn ed january 31 2000 .
4 why they be use jewel serve two purpose in a watch . schlitt wayne 2004 . the elgin watch collector s site . .
40 first reduce friction can increase accuracy . friction in the wheel train bearing and the escapement cause slight variation in the impulse apply to the balance wheel cause variation in the rate of timekeeping . the low predictable friction of jewel surface reduce these variation . second they can increase the life of the bearing . in unjeweled bearing the pivot of the watch s wheel rotate in hole in the plate support the movement .
4 type in the escapement jewel be use for the part that work by slide friction pallets these be the angled rectangular surface on the lever that be push against by the tooth of the escape wheel . they be the main source of friction in a watch movement and be one of the first site to which jewel be apply .
56 in the escapement jewel be use for the part that work by slide friction pallets these be the angled rectangular surface on the lever that be push against by the tooth of the escape wheel . they be the main source of friction in a watch movement and be one of the first site to which jewel be apply . impulse pin the off center pin on a disk on the balance staff which be push by the lever fork to keep the balance wheel move . in bearing two different type be use
35 impulse pin the off center pin on a disk on the balance staff which be push by the lever fork to keep the balance wheel move . in bearing two different type be use hole jewel these be donut shape sleeve bearing use to support the arbor shaft of most wheel . capstones or cap jewel when the arbor of a wheel be in the vertical position the shoulder of the arbor bear against the side of the hole jewel increase friction . this cause the rate of the watch to change when it be in different position .
28 in bearing two different type be use hole jewel these be donut shape sleeve bearing use to support the arbor shaft of most wheel . capstones or cap jewel when the arbor of a wheel be in the vertical position the shoulder of the arbor bear against the side of the hole jewel increase friction . this cause the rate of the watch to change when it be in different position . so in bearing where friction be critical such as the balance wheel pivot flat capstone be add at each end of the arbor .
52 in bearing two different type be use hole jewel these be donut shape sleeve bearing use to support the arbor shaft of most wheel . capstones or cap jewel when the arbor of a wheel be in the vertical position the shoulder of the arbor bear against the side of the hole jewel increase friction . this cause the rate of the watch to change when it be in different position . so in bearing where friction be critical such as the balance wheel pivot flat capstone be add at each end of the arbor .
3 the number of jewel use in watch movement increase over the last 150 year as jeweling grow less expensive and watch grow more accurate . the only bearing that really need to be jewel in a watch be the one in the go train the gear train that transmit force from the mainspring barrel to the balance wheel since only they be constantly under force from the mainspring . hahn ed . timezone .com
45 so the first mechanism to be jewel in watch be the balance wheel pivot follow by the escapement . as more jeweled bearing be add they be apply to slower move wheel and jewelling progress up the go train toward the barrel . a 17 jewel watch have every bearing from the balance wheel to the mainspring barrel jewel so it be consider a fully jeweled watch . hahn ed . timezone .com . .
26 hahn ed . timezone .com . . in quality watch to minimize positional error capstone be add to the lever and escape wheel bearing make 21 jewel . even the mainspring barrel arbor be sometimes jewel make the total 23 . when self wind watch be introduce in the 1950s several wheel in the automatic wind mechanism be jewel increase the count to 25-27 .
7 jewel inflation it be doubtful whether add jewel in addition to the one list above be really useful in a watch . berkavicius bob september 25 2002 . timezone .com
39 . . it do not increase accuracy since the only wheel which have an effect on the balance wheel those in the go train be already jewel . marine chronometer the most accurate portable timepiece often have only 7 jewel . nor do jewel additional wheel bearing increase the useful life of the movement as mention above most of the other wheel do not get enough wear to need they .
34 however by the early 20th century watch movement have be standardize to the point that there be little difference between their mechanism besides quality of workmanship . so watch manufacturer make the number of jewel one of the few metric differentiate quality watch a major advertising point list it prominently on the watch s face . consumer with little else to go on learn to equate more jewel with more quality in a watch . although initially this be a good measure of quality it give manufacturer an incentive to increase the jewel count .
67 however by the early 20th century watch movement have be standardize to the point that there be little difference between their mechanism besides quality of workmanship . so watch manufacturer make the number of jewel one of the few metric differentiate quality watch a major advertising point list it prominently on the watch s face . consumer with little else to go on learn to equate more jewel with more quality in a watch . although initially this be a good measure of quality it give manufacturer an incentive to increase the jewel count .
65 so watch manufacturer make the number of jewel one of the few metric differentiate quality watch a major advertising point list it prominently on the watch s face . consumer with little else to go on learn to equate more jewel with more quality in a watch . although initially this be a good measure of quality it give manufacturer an incentive to increase the jewel count .
20 around the 1960 this jewel craze reach ridiculous height and manufacturer make watch with 41 53 75 or even 100 jewel . most of these additional jewel be totally nonfunctional they never contact move part and be include just to increase the jewel count . for example the waltham 100 jewel watch consist of an ordinary 17 jewel movement with 83 tiny piece of ruby mount around the automatic wind rotor .
26 around the 1960 this jewel craze reach ridiculous height and manufacturer make watch with 41 53 75 or even 100 jewel . most of these additional jewel be totally nonfunctional they never contact move part and be include just to increase the jewel count . for example the waltham 100 jewel watch consist of an ordinary 17 jewel movement with 83 tiny piece of ruby mount around the automatic wind rotor . photos of it can be see in berkavicius article in 1974 the international organization for standardization iso in collaboration with the swiss watch industry standard organization publish a standard iso 1112 which prohibit manufacturer from include such nonfunctional jewel in the jewel count in advertising and sale literature .
42 around the 1960 this jewel craze reach ridiculous height and manufacturer make watch with 41 53 75 or even 100 jewel . most of these additional jewel be totally nonfunctional they never contact move part and be include just to increase the jewel count . for example the waltham 100 jewel watch consist of an ordinary 17 jewel movement with 83 tiny piece of ruby mount around the automatic wind rotor . photos of it can be see in berkavicius article in 1974 the international organization for standardization iso in collaboration with the swiss watch industry standard organization publish a standard iso 1112 which prohibit manufacturer from include such nonfunctional jewel in the jewel count in advertising and sale literature .
50 around the 1960 this jewel craze reach ridiculous height and manufacturer make watch with 41 53 75 or even 100 jewel . most of these additional jewel be totally nonfunctional they never contact move part and be include just to increase the jewel count . for example the waltham 100 jewel watch consist of an ordinary 17 jewel movement with 83 tiny piece of ruby mount around the automatic wind rotor . photos of it can be see in berkavicius article in 1974 the international organization for standardization iso in collaboration with the swiss watch industry standard organization publish a standard iso 1112 which prohibit manufacturer from include such nonfunctional jewel in the jewel count in advertising and sale literature .
57 around the 1960 this jewel craze reach ridiculous height and manufacturer make watch with 41 53 75 or even 100 jewel . most of these additional jewel be totally nonfunctional they never contact move part and be include just to increase the jewel count . for example the waltham 100 jewel watch consist of an ordinary 17 jewel movement with 83 tiny piece of ruby mount around the automatic wind rotor . photos of it can be see in berkavicius article in 1974 the international organization for standardization iso in collaboration with the swiss watch industry standard organization publish a standard iso 1112 which prohibit manufacturer from include such nonfunctional jewel in the jewel count in advertising and sale literature .
88 most of these additional jewel be totally nonfunctional they never contact move part and be include just to increase the jewel count . for example the waltham 100 jewel watch consist of an ordinary 17 jewel movement with 83 tiny piece of ruby mount around the automatic wind rotor . photos of it can be see in berkavicius article in 1974 the international organization for standardization iso in collaboration with the swiss watch industry standard organization publish a standard iso 1112 which prohibit manufacturer from include such nonfunctional jewel in the jewel count in advertising and sale literature .
91 most of these additional jewel be totally nonfunctional they never contact move part and be include just to increase the jewel count . for example the waltham 100 jewel watch consist of an ordinary 17 jewel movement with 83 tiny piece of ruby mount around the automatic wind rotor . photos of it can be see in berkavicius article in 1974 the international organization for standardization iso in collaboration with the swiss watch industry standard organization publish a standard iso 1112 which prohibit manufacturer from include such nonfunctional jewel in the jewel count in advertising and sale literature .
10 this put a stop to the use of totally nonfunctional jewel . however some expert say manufacturer have continue to inflate the jewel count of their watch by upjeweling add functional jeweled bearing to wheel that do not really need they exploit loophole in iso 1112 . example give include add capstone to third and fourth wheel bearing jeweling minute wheel bearing and automatic wind ratchet pawl .
22 this put a stop to the use of totally nonfunctional jewel . however some expert say manufacturer have continue to inflate the jewel count of their watch by upjeweling add functional jeweled bearing to wheel that do not really need they exploit loophole in iso 1112 . example give include add capstone to third and fourth wheel bearing jeweling minute wheel bearing and automatic wind ratchet pawl . arguably none of these addition add to the accuracy or longevity of the watch .
116 beethoven • respighi • rossini • mascagni cmc2 feature music director james gaffigan excerpt record live in concert during 2005 and 2006 include gioachino rossini s overture to the barber of seville ludwig van beethoven s triple concerto in c major op . 56 with violinist kyung sun lee cellist edward arron and pianist daniel shapiro pietro mascagni s intermezzo sinfonico from cavalleria rusticana and ottorino respighi s trittico botticelliano . on the move cmc3 feature music director james gaffigan excerpt record live in concert during 2005 and 2006 include giuseppe verdi s prelude to act i of la travia franz schubert s overture in c major d.591 ermanno wolf-ferrari s intermezzo # 1 from the jewel of the madonna joseph hayd n s symphony # 49 in f minor franz schubert s symphony # 5 in b-flat major d. 485 jean sibelius s incidental music for pelléas et mélisande and gioachino rossini s overture to l'italiana in algeri . citymusic live cmc4 feature music director james gaffigan and concertmaster michi wiancko record live in concert during may 2007 feature the world premiere of margaret brouwer s concerto for violin and chamber orchestra commission by citymusic cleveland igor stravinsky s danses concertante and wolfgang amadeus mozart s symphony no . 39 in e-flat major k.
24 even with this frugality the masque cost between two and three thousand pound to stage . lady penelope rich reportedly wear £20,000 worth of jewel while appear the masque though she be outdo by the queen who sport fully £100,000 in gem . this kind of extreme display become characteristic of the courtly masque during the stuart era and be a focus of controversy and deep disapproval by wide segment of the public . anne carry a spear and wear a helmet and a tunic embroider with cannon and weapon of war which end just below the knee quite an innovation for the time .
40 she escape and emerge in the past . kagome turn out to be the reincarnation from the deceased maiden kikyo with the sacred shikon jewel also reborn inside she body . when mistress centipede attack again and rip out the jewel kagome awake the half-demon inuyasha who be seal 50 year ago by kikyo . inuyasha kill mistress centipede then attack kagome to get the jewel . kikyo’s sister kaede bind inuyasha with a necklace that crash he into the ground when kagome say sit .
57 kagome turn out to be the reincarnation from the deceased maiden kikyo with the sacred shikon jewel also reborn inside she body . when mistress centipede attack again and rip out the jewel kagome awake the half-demon inuyasha who be seal 50 year ago by kikyo . inuyasha kill mistress centipede then attack kagome to get the jewel . kikyo’s sister kaede bind inuyasha with a necklace that crash he into the ground when kagome say sit . when a carrion-crow demon steal the jewel kagome shoot the crow with an arrow and shatter the jewel into hundred of shard that scatter all over japan .
37 inuyasha kill mistress centipede then attack kagome to get the jewel . kikyo’s sister kaede bind inuyasha with a necklace that crash he into the ground when kagome say sit . when a carrion-crow demon steal the jewel kagome shoot the crow with an arrow and shatter the jewel into hundred of shard that scatter all over japan . demon yura of the hair attack kagome to get a jewel shard throw kagome fall down the well and back to she time . kaede tell inuyasha that to defeat yura he need kagome s help he go through the well to kagome s time but yura send she hair after they .
48 inuyasha kill mistress centipede then attack kagome to get the jewel . kikyo’s sister kaede bind inuyasha with a necklace that crash he into the ground when kagome say sit . when a carrion-crow demon steal the jewel kagome shoot the crow with an arrow and shatter the jewel into hundred of shard that scatter all over japan . demon yura of the hair attack kagome to get a jewel shard throw kagome fall down the well and back to she time . kaede tell inuyasha that to defeat yura he need kagome s help he go through the well to kagome s time but yura send she hair after they .
57 kikyo’s sister kaede bind inuyasha with a necklace that crash he into the ground when kagome say sit . when a carrion-crow demon steal the jewel kagome shoot the crow with an arrow and shatter the jewel into hundred of shard that scatter all over japan . demon yura of the hair attack kagome to get a jewel shard throw kagome fall down the well and back to she time . kaede tell inuyasha that to defeat yura he need kagome s help he go through the well to kagome s time but yura send she hair after they . kagome return with inuyasha to his time to stop yura .
32 back in the feudal era as inuyasha and yura fight each other kagome break open one skull whose hair strand lead to yura s hand yura dissolve and kagome recover yura s jewel shard . some time later inuyasha s half brother sesshomaru and his subordinate jaken search for the grave of the great dog demon inuyasha s and sesshomaru s father and the heirloom sword tetsusaiga that lie in the grave . inuyasha see a vision of his dead human mother say that sesshomaru have resurrect she and be hold she hostage in exchange for the location of the grave .
32 kagome and inuyasha meet takeda nobunaga on his way to rescue princess tsuyu whose husband s soldier have be kidnap young woman . kagome and inuyasha kill the demon and recover its jewel shard liberate the woman from the egg . in the modern time a woman approach the higurashi shrine to have a flesh-eating noh mask exorcise but the mask escape and take over she body . because the mask s body be disintegrate it try to compensate by eat more and more people .
52 in the modern time a woman approach the higurashi shrine to have a flesh-eating noh mask exorcise but the mask escape and take over she body . because the mask s body be disintegrate it try to compensate by eat more and more people . when the mask attack kagome for she jewel shard she run away and send sota to the well to summon inuyasha . inuyasha follow they and destroy the mask recover the jewel shard which be animate it . back in the feudal era a child demon name shippo steal kagome s jewel shard seek revenge on the thunder brothers hiten and manten for his father s death .
49 because the mask s body be disintegrate it try to compensate by eat more and more people . when the mask attack kagome for she jewel shard she run away and send sota to the well to summon inuyasha . inuyasha follow they and destroy the mask recover the jewel shard which be animate it . back in the feudal era a child demon name shippo steal kagome s jewel shard seek revenge on the thunder brothers hiten and manten for his father s death . manten senses that shippo have some shard and go after he .
51 when the mask attack kagome for she jewel shard she run away and send sota to the well to summon inuyasha . inuyasha follow they and destroy the mask recover the jewel shard which be animate it . back in the feudal era a child demon name shippo steal kagome s jewel shard seek revenge on the thunder brothers hiten and manten for his father s death . manten senses that shippo have some shard and go after he . 4 january 1998 isbn 4-09-125204-4 may 6 1999 isbn 1-56931-368-7
44 while stay in a temple kagome inuyasha shippo and myōga be attack by spiders-head . the night of the new moon temporarily strip inuyasha of his demonic power but the group be able to escape . when inuyasha and shippo go back for the jewel shard the leader of the spider-head inject inuyasha with spider venom . kagome rescue inuyasha and they hide in another room seal the door with tetsusaiga while myoga suck out the venom . inuyasha regain his demon strength at sunrise and kill the master by rip the shard back out .
35 miroku use his wind tunnel against inuyasha who be save when kagome leap between they . miroku identify naraku as the killer of kikyo . they decide to work together to hunt naraku and collect jewel shard . an artist be create demon from his painting of hell draw with a jewel shard in his ink . he fight with inuyasha .
35 miroku identify naraku as the killer of kikyo . they decide to work together to hunt naraku and collect jewel shard . an artist be create demon from his painting of hell draw with a jewel shard in his ink . he fight with inuyasha . when he get a cut and spill ink on himself the ink dissolve he .
25 he fight with inuyasha . when he get a cut and spill ink on himself the ink dissolve he . kagome pick up the tainted jewel shard purify it in the process . 7 september 1998 isbn 4-09-125207-9 october 30 2000 isbn 1-56931-539-6 volume title
16 to replace the arm cut off by inuyasha naraku offer sesshomaru a human arm with a jewel shard embed in it claim that it will allow he to wield tetsusaiga . sesshomaru find inuyasha and his friend knock tetsusaiga away and seize it with his new arm . sesshomaru unleash a giant demon which miroku start to suck into his wind tunnel but the poison bee sting miroku and force he to stop .
44 inuyasha partially tear off sesshomaru s new arm and reclaim tetsusaiga which regain its power . sesshomaru flee to remove the rest of the arm which be turn against he . when naraku explain that he add something to allow he to retrieve his jewel shard sesshomaru decide to kill naraku . fearing for kagome s safety inuyasha take away she jewel shard and throw she down the bone-eater s well trap she in modern time by blockade it . inuyasha fight off the hell-wolf royakan to whom naraku then give a jewel shard and a plant that will kill royakan unless he kill inuyasha .
45 sesshomaru flee to remove the rest of the arm which be turn against he . when naraku explain that he add something to allow he to retrieve his jewel shard sesshomaru decide to kill naraku . fearing for kagome s safety inuyasha take away she jewel shard and throw she down the bone-eater s well trap she in modern time by blockade it . inuyasha fight off the hell-wolf royakan to whom naraku then give a jewel shard and a plant that will kill royakan unless he kill inuyasha . 8 december 1998 isbn 4-09-125208-7 july 6 2001 isbn 1-56931-553-1
61 when naraku explain that he add something to allow he to retrieve his jewel shard sesshomaru decide to kill naraku . fearing for kagome s safety inuyasha take away she jewel shard and throw she down the bone-eater s well trap she in modern time by blockade it . inuyasha fight off the hell-wolf royakan to whom naraku then give a jewel shard and a plant that will kill royakan unless he kill inuyasha . 8 december 1998 isbn 4-09-125208-7 july 6 2001 isbn 1-56931-553-1 volume title
50 energize by she nearby scent inuyasha easily defeat royakan . after inuyasha spot he spy nearby naraku describe his origin from the fusion of onigumo with a horde of demon and admit trick inuyasha and kikyo into betray each other . as naraku disappear into a miasma kagome remove the jewel shard in royakan s forehead save his life and turn he back into a friendly demon . inuyasha hear of kikyo’s location this search for she . kagome find kikyo first but kikyo bind kagome with a concealment spell .
50 tokajin acquire his mentor s power by eat he except for the secret of longevity which be why he preserve his head . the mentor change himself into a bow to help kagome to shoot a sacred arrow at tokajin as he battle with inuyasha . she arrow dislodge a jewel shard from tokajin whom inuyasha then tackle out through the window . tokajin be kill by the fall but inuyasha land in the tree and be save . sango exterminate a demon and take its jewel shard as payment .
40 she arrow dislodge a jewel shard from tokajin whom inuyasha then tackle out through the window . tokajin be kill by the fall but inuyasha land in the tree and be save . sango exterminate a demon and take its jewel shard as payment . inuyasha s group hear of this and go look for she . naraku manipulate sango s brother kohaku into kill their relative as they exterminate a demon then send his demon to kill the rest of sango s village and take their jewel shard .
54 sango exterminate a demon and take its jewel shard as payment . inuyasha s group hear of this and go look for she . naraku manipulate sango s brother kohaku into kill their relative as they exterminate a demon then send his demon to kill the rest of sango s village and take their jewel shard . when sango survive naraku trick she into blame inuyasha for the murder . 10 may 1999 isbn 4-09-125210-9 january 9 2002 isbn 1-56931-703-8
14 seek revenge but still weaken by she injury sango allow naraku to embed a jewel shard into she back before she attack inuyasha . during the battle naraku steal kagome s jewel shard and flee but also partially reveal his demonic nature distrusting he sango send kirara after he . she faint and awaken while be carry on inuyasha s back as he chase naraku who confess that he kill sango s relative to steal their jewel shard .
31 seek revenge but still weaken by she injury sango allow naraku to embed a jewel shard into she back before she attack inuyasha . during the battle naraku steal kagome s jewel shard and flee but also partially reveal his demonic nature distrusting he sango send kirara after he . she faint and awaken while be carry on inuyasha s back as he chase naraku who confess that he kill sango s relative to steal their jewel shard . she join the group as the best way to find naraku and get revenge .
76 seek revenge but still weaken by she injury sango allow naraku to embed a jewel shard into she back before she attack inuyasha . during the battle naraku steal kagome s jewel shard and flee but also partially reveal his demonic nature distrusting he sango send kirara after he . she faint and awaken while be carry on inuyasha s back as he chase naraku who confess that he kill sango s relative to steal their jewel shard . she join the group as the best way to find naraku and get revenge . a village headman s son pay inuyasha s group to destroy a water god who have be demand the village boy as sacrifice .
40 inuyasha and the other stop the demon and save mushin . mushin repair miroku s hand as far as he can but the wind tunnel be permanently widen . concerned by inuyasha s increase power naraku resurrect kohaku with a jewel shard in his back and send he to destroy a village . sango follow kohaku to a meeting with naraku who threaten to destroy kohaku unless she bring he tetsusaiga . to keep kohaku from kill himself by remove the jewel shard sango steal tetsusaiga and take it to naraku .
52 concerned by inuyasha s increase power naraku resurrect kohaku with a jewel shard in his back and send he to destroy a village . sango follow kohaku to a meeting with naraku who threaten to destroy kohaku unless she bring he tetsusaiga . to keep kohaku from kill himself by remove the jewel shard sango steal tetsusaiga and take it to naraku . 12 october 1999 isbn 4-09-125582-5 october 6 2002 isbn 1-59116-023-5 volume title
42 immune to the illusion kagome shoot at naraku s demon puppet but a sinkhole open up and nearly swallow she . kikyo finish destroy the demon puppet and tell she that naraku fear kagome more than anyone . kikyo steal kagome s jewel shard tell she that only one of they kikyo or kagome be need and allow she to fall into the sinkhole .
29 inuyasha s concern for kagome break the spell on he he rescue miroku who rescue sango . inuyasha pull kagome out of the sinkhole . kikyo give naraku the jewel shard intend to let he collect the rest of the jewel and then kill he for it .
40 inuyasha s concern for kagome break the spell on he he rescue miroku who rescue sango . inuyasha pull kagome out of the sinkhole . kikyo give naraku the jewel shard intend to let he collect the rest of the jewel and then kill he for it .
14 the wolf-demon koga lead his pack to rin s village in search of a jewel shard all of the villager be kill include rin . heal from his wound sesshomaru follow the scent of blood to rin s body and use tenseiga to resurrect she .
24 inuyasha s group kill some of koga s wolf who howl to summon their leader . when koga return to fight kagome senses the jewel shard in one of his arm and both leg . koga retreat before inuyasha can use the wind scar then return to kidnap kagome and shippo .
7 koga tell kagome to help he find jewel shard and that he have take she for his mate . she show he the location of the jewel shard implant in his arch-enemy the king of the harpy demon . as the wolf-demon fight with the harpy she save one of koga s friend with a sacred arrow inuyasha s group arrive and help to destroy the harpy but the harpy king escape .
26 koga tell kagome to help he find jewel shard and that he have take she for his mate . she show he the location of the jewel shard implant in his arch-enemy the king of the harpy demon . as the wolf-demon fight with the harpy she save one of koga s friend with a sacred arrow inuyasha s group arrive and help to destroy the harpy but the harpy king escape .
14 as koga and inuyasha fight over kagome the harpy king return to rip the jewel shard out of koga s arm severely wound he . inuyasha destroy the king with the wind-scar and take his jewel shard but kagome stop he from kill koga for the two shard in his leg . koga s friend carry he away over his protestation kagome and inuyasha argue and she return home to modern tokyo .
35 as koga and inuyasha fight over kagome the harpy king return to rip the jewel shard out of koga s arm severely wound he . inuyasha destroy the king with the wind-scar and take his jewel shard but kagome stop he from kill koga for the two shard in his leg . koga s friend carry he away over his protestation kagome and inuyasha argue and she return home to modern tokyo . 15 may 2000 isbn 4-09-125585-x october 15 2003 isbn 1-56931-999-5
9 inuyasha s group fight a man-eating bear with a jewel shard in its forehead but before they can defeat it a swarm of saimyosho sting the bear and take its shard . when the group follow the swarm to a castle they meet kagura who have already kill koga s follower and now use the corpse to attack inuyasha cover he with wolf blood . with a fake poisonous shard in his body koga arrive conclude that inuyasha kill the pack and fight he .
26 kagome s soul be too large to fit into kanna s mirror although weaken kagome be able to defend herself and prevent kanna from take she jewel shard . koharu attack miroku but he knock she out .
12 naraku say that his power to create detachment come from the nearly-complete jewel which kikyo steal from kagome and give to he . when kagome shoot an arrow at naraku s group kanna try to reflect it but she mirror begin to crack from the extra charge of spiritual force add to its burden of soul . kanna be force to release all the soul to save she mirror lose control of the village and allow kagome to recover .
23 kagome give she supplies to miroku and sango and return home again . miroku tell inuyasha to go to kagome to retrieve she jewel shard and then leave she alone .
30 kohaku have forget naraku but the sight of approach saimyosho jog his memory and he flee . he encounter inuyasha s group which fight off the saimyosho from take the jewel shard that keep kohaku alive . as sango treat kohaku s wound she tell he that he be she brother . more demon come with kagura who demand kohaku s shard despite suspect that naraku be play a trick on they .
14 kagura lead a demon horde against inuyasha s group supposedly to recover kohaku s jewel shard . as the other fight kagome and kohaku wait inside the shelter until demon break in . kohaku fight they off then run into the forest with kagome to hide .
16 naraku s demon puppet order kohaku to kill kagome but he only wound she grab the jewel shard and run away . sango pursue he alone plan to kill he to free he from naraku and then commit suicide . inuyasha stop she and recover the shard .
5 naraku offer the nearly-complete shikon jewel to the dark priestess tsubaki a former contemporary of kikyo s who preserve she youth and beauty by deal with demon . kagome tell she friend in modern tokyo that she make up with inuyasha when she return tsubaki use the jewel to curse kagome s jewel shard and control she . miroku and sango look for tsubaki hope to kill she and free kagome .
47 naraku offer the nearly-complete shikon jewel to the dark priestess tsubaki a former contemporary of kikyo s who preserve she youth and beauty by deal with demon . kagome tell she friend in modern tokyo that she make up with inuyasha when she return tsubaki use the jewel to curse kagome s jewel shard and control she . miroku and sango look for tsubaki hope to kill she and free kagome .
52 naraku offer the nearly-complete shikon jewel to the dark priestess tsubaki a former contemporary of kikyo s who preserve she youth and beauty by deal with demon . kagome tell she friend in modern tokyo that she make up with inuyasha when she return tsubaki use the jewel to curse kagome s jewel shard and control she . miroku and sango look for tsubaki hope to kill she and free kagome .
37 after inuyasha kill tsubaki s main demon she other demon and shikigamus all attack . kagome rebound the shikigamus just as kikyo do in another duel with tsubaki fifty year ago . the curse break and the jewel be purify although tsubaki carry it away with she remain demon before they die . a saimyosho take the jewel away from tsubaki complete she defeat .
42 kagome rebound the shikigamus just as kikyo do in another duel with tsubaki fifty year ago . the curse break and the jewel be purify although tsubaki carry it away with she remain demon before they die . a saimyosho take the jewel away from tsubaki complete she defeat .
51 shippo bring she to the house of the village headman where the group be stay after miroku exorcize a lizard demon there . kagome and sango look at satsuki s shard and tell shippo that it be just a stone flower a quartz crystal . shippo try to steal a real jewel shard for satsuki but inuyasha stop he . the lizard demon return disguised as satsuki s brother and take she hostage . shippo help she escape while inuyasha and miroku kill the demon and then credit shippo for it .
29 koga s and inuyasha s two group both catch naraku s scent from a different castle . as koga run ahead kagura decide to attack he and cut the jewel shard out of his leg . inuyasha s group arrive before she can kill koga so she take his shard and flee . as both group pursue she kagura find sesshomaru and offer he she shard if he will kill naraku .
33 naraku take rin hostage to make sesshomaru kill inuyasha instead sesshomaru go after naraku . inuyasha s group catch naraku s scent and also close in but split up when kagome detect the jewel shard embed in kohaku who be guard rin .
29 the small leftover fragment of naraku under his castle combine into a giant hair-ball demon with a mouth . as koga and inuyasha argue the hair-ball come after their jewel shard . koga grab kagome and carry she to safety as inuyasha fight the hairball but it break away and go after they say that naraku be go where no one can touch he . koga rip the hair-ball apart and leave .
39 meanwhile the ogre go upstairs to the real princess s dead body which kagome have find and where the soul from its previous victim be store . it eat some of the soul and try to get kagome s jewel shard . inuyasha realize he have be trick and go inside the castle . the ogre explain that it wait to escape from the mound because of hiding from naraku who want to absorb it but be now go .
23 a die wolf tell koga about a terrible demon-devouring ghost in the north . this ghost be a giant human resurrect by a jewel shard in his forehead kyokotsu a member of the band of seven . when kohaku warn kyokotsu of koga s approach kyokotsu attack kohaku and try to take his shard . kohaku fight he off and leaf before koga arrive .
30 kikyo find doctor suikotsu heal people in a village near mount hakurei . surprise that a member of the band of seven be apparently a good man with a pure jewel shard kikyo help he cure people at his clinic .
51 inuyasha attack the seemingly innocent doctor and be interrupt by ginkotsu renkotsu and jakotsu attack the villager . when the doctor protest their action jakotsu attack he while ginkotsu and renkotsu take on inuyasha s group and kikyo . the doctor transform into suikotsu of the band of seven taint his jewel shard . as suikotsu fight inuyasha miroku save kikyo from ginkotsu . when the child plead with suikotsu the other member of the band of seven drag he away to keep he from transform back into the kindly doctor .
43 the band s leader bankotsu use his halberd banryu to kill the castle s occupant draw inuyasha with the scent of blood and smoke . by the time inuyasha arrive koga be already there fight the band of seven . bankotsu have three jewel shard in his neck his own kyokotsu s and mukotsu s . renkotsu already steal kagome s shard earlier but target she again to keep bankotsu from find that out .
17 inuyasha and kagome argue about kikyo and kagome return home . naraku find out that the last jewel shard be in the netherworld . inuyasha go to modern tokyo and bring kagome back to the feudal era .
57 that priest s death release a fly horse demon entei whom he have imprison . when hakudoshi revive now age to a child entei carry he through the air and breathe fire at inuyasha s group . hakudoshi block inuyasha s wind-scar with his spiritual barrier tell they that he be naraku s infant and see a jewel shard in the afterlife .
44 inuyasha break the chain that hold the gate close . kagura and naraku s demon try to pass through the open gate ahead of he the demon be petrify by the light from the other side but kagura escape . kagome senses the miss jewel shard beyond the gate which close again still gozu and mezu . kagura cut hakudoshi in half for send she to test the gate and probably die but hakudoshi regenerate and naraku punish kagura with a heart-attack . inuyasha s group look for another path to the afterlife .
52 via inuyasha kikyo give kagome a special arrow which can destroy naraku . by kill princess abi and behead she mother naraku produce a river of blood that carry naraku and inuyasha s group to the borderland between this world and the afterlife . kagome see the last shard of the sacred jewel in the remains of inuyasha s father . they be attack with spear of diamond .
21 myoga introduce the late hosenki source of the diamond spear . inuyasha fight hosenki for the last shard of the sacred jewel but naraku take it .
44 hakudōshi convince kagura to let goryomaru escape from a castle against she order from naraku . while sango and miroku be lure away by rumor about bandit goryomaru find kagome and shippo hiding with inuyasha in his new-moon human form . he take their jewel shard and absorb it then show his true identity as mouryoumaru now with a soul and the ability to absorb youki demon power . sesshomaru appear with jaken who tell he that their crystal for detect naraku s heart show no youki . sesshomaru refuse to say where he get the crystal but mouryoumaru realize that it come from kagura and tell she to bring he kohaku s shard or be absorb herself .
26 a byakuya s youkai capture two brother from koga s clan kai and shinta . the youkai use kai to draw out koga with an embed jewel shard . koga save shinta and exterminate the byakuya s youkai with the power of goraishi . inuyasha s group fight mouryoumaru who take kai s shard and flee from inuyasha s new ability to cut youketsu .
3 narakuy use a jewel shard to revive and absorb youmeiju a tree that destroy barrier and absorb youkai .
24 koga fight despite know that because of midoriko s will his leg will not move in battle . mouryomaru absorb naraku merge the shikon jewel inside and take the shard from koga s leg . naraku reappear inside mouryomaru and use the youmeiju s ability to absorb akago naraku s heart .
52 while inuyasha fetch kagome naraku s spiderweb capture the rest of the group . the web connect naraku with kikyo who transfer the shikon jewel into she body so he can avoid purification when he get koga s leg shard . kagome shoot a sacred arrow into kikyo s chest purify the jewel and redirect the power to naraku but naraku escape with the nearly-complete jewel and leave kikyo powerless and die . inuyasha carry she away from the other so the two of they can talk about their past happiness . finally at peace she smile at inuyasha who kiss she before she body dissolve into orb of light that the soul-collector carry away .
65 while inuyasha fetch kagome naraku s spiderweb capture the rest of the group . the web connect naraku with kikyo who transfer the shikon jewel into she body so he can avoid purification when he get koga s leg shard . kagome shoot a sacred arrow into kikyo s chest purify the jewel and redirect the power to naraku but naraku escape with the nearly-complete jewel and leave kikyo powerless and die . inuyasha carry she away from the other so the two of they can talk about their past happiness . finally at peace she smile at inuyasha who kiss she before she body dissolve into orb of light that the soul-collector carry away .
9 kohaku survive because his life be bind with the jewel shard but the darkness take rin . tenseiga cannot revive she a second time even when sesshomaru attack the master of hell . his fear of lose rin open the path between world and strengthen tenseiga .
27 narau create a new detachment magatsuhi which act unlike his previous detachment and be the evil spirit of the shikon jewel itself . look for the last jewel shard magatsuhi attack sesshomaru who be at a disadvantage without the meidou zangetsuha and one arm . inuyasha s group come to support sesshomaru whose miss arm regenerate with the new sword bakusaiga . magatsuhi retreat .
38 magatsuhi implant part of himself into kohaku to make he run toward naraku but sesshomaru break his control . when naraku capture kagome kohaku use kikyo s light to destroy naraku s body . naraku take the last jewel shard from kohaku . magatsuhi take control of rin . 54 july 11 2008 isbn 4-09-121428-2 —
7 kikyo s light detach from the last jewel shard to remain in kohaku s body and save his life but without the light the shard become taint like the rest of the shikon jewel .
33 kikyo s light detach from the last jewel shard to remain in kohaku s body and save his life but without the light the shard become taint like the rest of the shikon jewel .
12 when kagome return from she middle-school graduation naraku use the complete shikon jewel to transform into a gigantic spider with rin inside his body .
17 inuyasha s group and sesshoumaru enter naraku s body to save rin but naraku use the tainted jewel to take advantage of the darkness in their heart . magatsuhi take control of inuyasha s demon blood to make he fight sesshomaru . kagome try to use tetsusaiga to return inuyasha back to normal .
18 naraku s body collapse . kagome shoot an arrow through the shikon jewel to kill naraku but the jewel grant his last wish . she disappear into another meidou create by byakuya s attack .
4 inside the meidou the jewel try to tempt kagome into wish to return to she world which would leave the jewel completely taint . inuyasha use tetsusaiga s meidou to find kagome . no longer fear abandonment she wish that the jewel would disappear forever .
20 inside the meidou the jewel try to tempt kagome into wish to return to she world which would leave the jewel completely taint . inuyasha use tetsusaiga s meidou to find kagome . no longer fear abandonment she wish that the jewel would disappear forever .
14 1975 deh village 1976 bad az tow after you 1976 aghaaghi you be a jewel 1977 bumi 1977 talaaye kaaghazi with paajuki
42 the movie open with little ananthan hearing a tale from his mother revathi . she tell he that his family in the ancient village of shivapuram come from a line of powerful magician . the family be responsible for protect nagamanikyam a jewel on the serpent s head which lie in a secret place in the house guard by snake include a tiny snake call kunjootan .
85 year later she act in tribunal a zdf television serial in german with lead european actor . she join the afro-asian committee of equity and continue to work in film and television . roles for asian actor be minor during she early career but she be give part in show such as crossroads 1964 within these walls 1976 the next man 1976 z car 1976-1977 target 1977 mind your language 1977 1979 play for today 1977 1978 empire road 1979 angels 1981 minder 1982 the jewel in the crown 1984 the bill 1984 albion market 1985 chance in a million 1986 madame sousatzka 1988 great balls of fire 1989 brookside 1989 play manju batra and pie in the sky 1994 .
26 the heap of the museum be dedicate to the historical social and cultural development of the city . it possess photograph article map furniture weapon vehicle jewel doll and organize tool to relate the history of the city .
6 plot the story start when lume jewel mische will be bring to the house of she relative . while chuchay already arrive in manila she worry about she aunt because she do not get she job in the baguio so she think a way to not be punish but she aunt be not in the shop but she another aunt will be the one who guard the shop . on the other side luming already bring to she relative she be treat by she relative as a servant and tease due to she color but don vino german moreno treat she as an own daughter .
8 isbn 1-887417-00-1 schwarz jack 1996 . find the jewel in the molasses denial of spirit grants pass or schwarz publishing . isbn 1-887417-00-1 schwarz jack ingram don .
21 it be the english language version of the album metropolis . the album come in three edition . one in a jewel case one a digipack with poster and one vinyl .
47 they overshoot the present and end up in the distant past in the age of dinosaur . their giant ruby a key component of the machine be destroy leave they strand . however when they explore a nearby cave they find it stud with all sort of jewel include ruby .
16 an armenian-style church at germigny-des-prés south of pithiviers on the river loire lose like a lonely jewel in the depths of france be one of the example of early contact between the french and armenian people date back to between the 10th and 12th century .
24 diabate djelis chronicler kanté noumoun fin these man work iron and their wife make pottery kamara noumoun siaki these man work precious metal into jewel kamara finè dispute mediator koroma noumoun kule these man work wood to make art
66 it be common that mud be involve in the festivity in some way and this no doubt lend to the entertainment . hadaka matsurus hold in summer tend to involve participant in loincloth carry mikoshus a sort of portable shrine . hadaka matsurus hold in winter tend to involve ritual purification by water follow by a mass fight for a holy object such as a stick jewel etc that symbolize the event . participants be often adult male who try to cultivate a strong image however young boy and girl have be know at time to participate and in this sense the festival can become a rite of passage for young participant . most naked festival limit participation to adult male but many have separate event where youth may participate allow community to pass their tradition from generation to generation .
52 most paritta involve offer praise to the buddha or more broadly the triple gem buddha dhamma sangha . of these paritta one of the best know be the ratana sutta sn 2.1 where for instance it state in part whatever treasure there be either here or in the world beyond whatever precious jewel there be in the heavenly world there be nought comparable to the tathagata the perfect one . this precious jewel be the buddha . by this asseveration of the truth may there be happiness .
54 of these paritta one of the best know be the ratana sutta sn 2.1 where for instance it state in part whatever treasure there be either here or in the world beyond whatever precious jewel there be in the heavenly world there be nought comparable to the tathagata the perfect one . this precious jewel be the buddha . by this asseveration of the truth may there be happiness . piyadassi 1999d .
9 piyadassi thera tran . 1999d . ratana sutta the jewel discourse sn 2.1 . retrieve 08-15-2008 from access to insight at piyadassi thera tran .
62 during his early year the court official dominate the royal politics . he study under a very knowledgeable teacher yajnavaraha a grandson of king harshavarman i. yajnavaraha be a distinguished scholar as he be first in the knowledge of the doctrine of the buddha medicine and astronomy briggs the ancient khmer empirep. 134 and in 967 he construct banteay srei consider the jewel of khmer art for its very beautiful display of bas-relief . when jayavarman turn seventeen year old he begin the construction of his own state shrine ta keo . however an unfortunate event occur as the edifice be hit by a thunder bolt during its construction .
40 japanese release the japanese release contain three bonus track in addition to the 22 track find on the european release pilot of my dream everybody want here and stand up . the japanese release be also package in a double jewel case and come with an exclusive additional booklet feature a brief essay by valerie potter in english and japanese additional short essay by masa ito and tsuneo o'mori in japanese only and full lyric in both english and japanese .
11 nov. 2002 j. ferguson s farley s jewel facet of a jewel j. ferguson s the anthropologist review
17 the treasure of pouan consist of a skeleton bury with a number of gold and garnet cloisonné jewel and ornament uncover in 1842 at pouan-les-vallées and identify as the the burial of a 5th century germanic warrior .
63 the find be now house in the musée saint-loup musée d'art d'archéologie et de sciences naturelles troyesdiscovery and contents the grave be accidentally uncover in 1842 by a labourer at pouan-les-vallées aube a french village in the canton of arcis-sur-aube on the south bank of the aube river . it consist of a skeleton bury with a number of gold and garnet cloisonné jewel and ornament include a gold ring inscribe heva identified as the name of a goth or burgundian male by m. d'arbois de jubainville recherch philologique sur l'anneau sigillaire de pouan in revue de questions historiques 1869 . and accompany by two sword with hilt encase in gold .
9 external links artisanat mérovingienne illustrates gold hilt and cloisonné jewel from the treasure of pouan
12 1964 in fairbanks latin pop musician . joan arend kickbush 1926-2006 painter jewel kilcher b . 1974 singer-songwriter . though bear in utah she be raise on a farm in homer .
32 london london . after the necklace be purchase by rohan and give to jeanne to pass along to the queen she and villette immediately take off to london and begin sell the jewel from the necklace for their own profit . the scheme be eventually expose and all those involve be prosecute .
34 mandhiran maniprakash an orphan be force to become a gangster . he work for a bigwig sadayan damodhara raju . he along with his gang mercilessly kill innocent people loot they of cash and jewel and kill people for money . a special team of police head by vellaithurai sudhakar vasanth be on their trail .
18 he marry barbara carne c. 1546 and they have one daughter and four son include sir walter long jewel long d.1647 whose godfather be the bishop of salisbury john jewel henry long murder 1594
45 the jōmon community consist of hundred or even thousand of people who dwell in simple house of wood and thatch set into shallow earthen pit to provide warmth from the soil . they craft lavishly decorate pottery storage vessel clay figurine call dogū and crystal jewel .
66 she keep have dream warn that she must hurry to avert a catastrophe . after visit selphia a fortune-teller who have just come to the town myra live in myra get a lead on she identity when she be tell to seek out a man call leon the whirlwind general in a nearby forest cave know as the erutowa forest . she be then gift a jewel call the emerald of light . while look for leon she run into a local scientist and inventor renard and his robot assistant gulliver . she then come to join he on his adventure to find a flower call the reincarnation that can bring the dead back to life .
9 after their adventure in erutowa selphia give renard another jewel the sapphire of light . as myra and renard travel on they cross path with foe such as parasite the flame general and limits the twilight general who be on a mission to capture the jewel give to they by selphia ...
45 after their adventure in erutowa selphia give renard another jewel the sapphire of light . as myra and renard travel on they cross path with foe such as parasite the flame general and limits the twilight general who be on a mission to capture the jewel give to they by selphia ...
28 non-player character selphia セルフィア selphia a blind fortune-teller who appear in town at the start of the game . she send myra on she quest and distribute the jewel seek by the general of darkness to the party member . prefer to go by she nickname selphie . parasite バラサイト barasaito one of the four general of darkness .
19 the unicorn dancer nal july 1986 as r.a.v. salsitz where dragons lie nal december 1985 as r.a.v. salsitz yellowstone jewel zebra august 1983 as rhondi vilott she secret self bantam november 1982 as rhondi vilott the dragontales series 14 gamebook from signet books as rhondi vilott .
42 antichrist be the fifth studio album by english blacken death metal akercocke release in 2007 . it be their third release on earache records and the first to feature peter benjamin on bass have replace peter theobalds . the limited edition super jewel case version limited to 8000 copy worldwide include two bonus track these be cover of song by morbid angel death .
62 elsewhere a battle be brew between the two family of witches--the marjoly family the villain of the first game and the akurjo family . the akurjo family be attempt to steal the shadow of beauty a wish-granting gemstone that marjoly have always treasure as it be a memento of she first love keeldear . to keep the akurjo family from take the jewel marjoly break it into piece and scatter the shard across the country . both of the witch family then begin search for the shard each try to complete the gem first . kururu crea and cello be soon involve with the search as well as cello need the shadow of beauty to heal his mother s illness .
90 near the end of the game kururu have a vision of the distant past and through this the player learn cello s history . it be explain that his parent die in a war with a neighbouring country and he end up become friend with kururu s grandmother cherie although because cherie and cello be time traveller these event be transpire long before the birth of kururu s grandfather . when destruction of the ancient race seem imminent cherie and cello try to use the light of beauty a wish-granting jewel relate to the shadow of beauty to escape to the future . however cello be very anxious over the future and so his wish be not as strong as cherie s they end up in completely different time period . soon after cello s arrival in the future he meet akurjo who decide to adopt he apparently with the intention of manipulate he for she own purpose .
3 jawahir-i-khamsa the five jewel which be later translate to arabic al-jawahir al-kham by the mecca-based shattari teacher sibghat allah d . 1606 ce . bahr al-hayat the ocean of life his translation of hawd al-hayat the pool of life an arabic translation of amrtakunda a book on yoga write in sanskrit .
37 in addition to ordinary donation and concert proceeds the symphony be support by seven specialized auxiliary group . together these raise approximately $ 900,000 each year . fund-raising event include kansas city s main debutante ball the jewel ball which also benefit the nelson-atkins museum of art the symphony ball the designers showhouse a home renovation expo in kansas city s country club district which choose one historic home to renovate each year a friends of the symphony gift shop and a docent program for educational concert . today the symphony s annual budget be more than $ 11 million .
10 the speaker use range from directional speaker direct/reflect speaker and jewel cube all require to be connect to a bass . bose even create a lifestyle 901 system use its famous 901 speaker .
78 when granada get cold foot about the scale of the project and the cost of film in india shubik suggest that she produce an adaptation of scott s staying on as a pilot . stay on be make in 1980 and put star trevor howard and celia johnson together on screen again for the first time since brief encounter . its success lead granada to give the go ahead to the raj quartet which be film as the jewel in the crown and become one of granada s most celebrated production place twenty-second in the british film institute s 100 greatest british television programmes . shubik do not produce the jewel in the crown have move on to write the screenplay for the film girl on a swing for columbia pictures but have work extensively on the fourteen script be give a “devised by ” credit at the start of each episode .
76 stay on be make in 1980 and put star trevor howard and celia johnson together on screen again for the first time since brief encounter . its success lead granada to give the go ahead to the raj quartet which be film as the jewel in the crown and become one of granada s most celebrated production place twenty-second in the british film institute s 100 greatest british television programmes . shubik do not produce the jewel in the crown have move on to write the screenplay for the film girl on a swing for columbia pictures but have work extensively on the fourteen script be give a “devised by ” credit at the start of each episode .
77 hawaii vice be a series of eight pornographic film release in 1988-89 direct by ron jeremy and star kascha papillon and she real-life husband francois as los angeles cop who travel to hawaii to take on various criminal element . the name and the buddy cop theme of the series be take-off of miami vice which be then at the height of its popularity . the various episode have theme such as take down drug dealer combat jewel thief and break up a white slavery ring . the compacted release schedule of the film suggest that several be shoot at a time .
18 big . hawaii vice 2 deadly game kascha and francois return to hawaii to catch a ring of jewel thief who operate under cover of beauty pageant . hawaii vice 3 beyond the badge kascha and francois return to hawaii to break up a white slavery ring use kascha as bait .
31 the plasma shaft be a compilation box set of the red hot chili peppers . it be release in australia as a bonus to blood sugar sex magik in a separate jewel case in 1994 . it contain two disc the normal blood sugar sex magik disc with all 17 blood sugar sex magik track and a bonus disc with 8 track record during the blood sugar sex magik session all of which be already release as b-side to various bssm singles .
39 wing of the thousand year crane the wing of a crane say to have live for one thousand year . if drunk in green tea it will grant the drinker one hundred year of life . space garnet a jewel the colour of alpha s eye that come from a part of space not share by any world . its magical property allow the plush rabbit to move and speak on its own . the effect work only until christmas .
16 referencesexternal links official website national woollen museum welsh costume hold at the museum from gather the jewel .
42 afterwards a guilt-ridden katie throw simon out who discover that carly want to be with he . when mike discover his wife s infidelity he leave a brokenheart katie . eventually carly and simon run away together after be involve in a jewel heist which katie expose in she book oakdale confidential secret reveal leave katie alone and bitter .
3 the album s jewel case be tint purple reminiscent of a blacklight . the album s cover and inlay be design by lewis and pierre de reeder with photography by autumn de wilde . the liner note do not feature any song lyric .
38 eigen wereld be opgezwolle s third album release on the dutch topnotch label . the album cover as see in this article be purely for digital use . the retail copy of the album use a complete black jewel case without any logo text or label . the cd itself be also plain black . it represent the music on this album in a very good way with its dark sound .
34 the lady of the lake the ninth episode of season two of the bbc drama merlin la donna del lago an opera by gioachino rossini base on the scott poem lady of the lake jewel rider an episode of the animated television series princess gwenevere and the jewel riders lady of the lake book a novel by polish fantasy writer andrzej sapkowski the lady of the lake an alternate title for british playwright ben jonson s masque the speech at prince henry s barrier
19 south america september bartholomew roberts pirate overcome a portuguese merchantman off bahía and pillage 40,000 gold moidore and many jewel . november captain robert sample in the flying king and captain lane in the queen ann s revenge attack portuguese ship off brazil . a portuguese man-of-war drive the vessel ashore and 38 of the pirate be hang .
35 however riskinner continue search for spanish merchant ship and capture four spanish ship before his return to england the follow year with a spanish prize carry a large cargo of silver gold diamond pearl and jewel .
4 r rag and the jewel rain boy rainbow fortress
5 o protectors who hold the jewel of the teaching and all being
30 the third time be the charm . mirabel be inform falsely of course that a merchant he d know and help in italy have die and leave mirabel some certain jewel in his will . the merchant s sister have come to paris to fulfill she late brother s bequest . the fictional sister oriana be disguise be present as such a desirable catch that mirabel in a moment of enthusiasm say that he would marry she immediately .
46 however weary she become of his company his affection for she never cease . the relationship come to an end with george s sudden death in 1830 she immediately move from windsor castle to paris . although the king have bequeath she all his plate and jewel she refuse the entire legacy . the marquess break his staff of office at george s funeral and be never to hold another one in the next reign .
21 screw head must be polish with their slot and rim chamfer . jewelling 2 the entire movement must jewel with ruby jewel set in polished hole include the go train and escape wheel . on the bridge side the jewel must be olive-drilled montres/watches term of art «mi-glace » with polished sink . the jewel of the center wheel on the main plate be not require .
27 jewelling 2 the entire movement must jewel with ruby jewel set in polished hole include the go train and escape wheel . on the bridge side the jewel must be olive-drilled montres/watches term of art «mi-glace » with polished sink . the jewel of the center wheel on the main plate be not require . regulating systems
41 2 the entire movement must jewel with ruby jewel set in polished hole include the go train and escape wheel . on the bridge side the jewel must be olive-drilled montres/watches term of art «mi-glace » with polished sink . the jewel of the center wheel on the main plate be not require . regulating systems 3 the hairspring should be pin in a grooved plate with a stud have a rounded collar and cap .
39 wellesley be on the other side of the world in india where british interest be under threat . wellesley lead vast army against a series of powerful warlord in campaign that will result in the creation of the raj-the jewel in the crown of the british empire . he return to england a harden veteran an more determine than ever to end france s dominion of europe .
58 eretna turkish plural eretnaoğulları be an anatolian turkish beylik that succeed the ilkhanid governor in anatolia and that rule in a large region extend between kayseri sivas and amasya in central anatolia between 1328-1381 . although short-lived the beylik of eretna leave important work of architecture . the name of eretna may be derive from sanskrit word ratna jewel erdene Эрдэнэ in mongolian . clifford edmund bosworth-the new islamic dynasty a chronological and genealogical manual p.234
7 play frederick lonsdale s play about a jewel thief who pass herself off as a society lady open at the st . james s theatre in london on 22 september 1925 and run for 514 performance . review the opening night for the sunday times critic james agate write it be not a good sort of play but it be a very good play of its sort . agate james .
20 donnie brasco fbi agent joseph d. pistone be undercover in the bonanno family under the false name donnie brasco a jewel thief from california . pistone soon begin work with several of the made-man who work for sabella the infamous tony mirra and benjamin ruggiero . also after the takeover of dominick napolitano donnie brasco continue to work with the crew .
33 she hold a deep contempt for people due to she injury . she obtain letter prove that vera be have an affair and demand money for they . while vera be get she jewel to pay for the letter gustav come home unexpectedly and anna fall as she try to elude he . think that anna be a thief gustav want to call the police but vera pretend to take pity on she and convince he to let she go . gustav become intrigue by anna s scar and caustic manner and offer to perform plastic surgery on she .
54 instead she use she imagination and move into the photography business and take picture of the moon in colour . “ i perceive most certainly that it be almost wholly white ” she think . she also find that she could make enough money in eight month to buy herself two lovely huge new jewel too .
56 in eight year lord dalhousie the then governor-general of india annex many kingdom include jhansi awadh or oudh satara nagpur and sambalpur add up to a quarter of a million square mile 650,000 km² of land to the company s territory . nobility feudal landholder and royal army find themselves unemployed and humiliated . even the jewel of the royal family of nagpur be publicly auction in calcutta a move that be see as a sign of abject disrespect by the remnant of the indian aristocracy . in addition the bengal army of the east india company draw many recruit from awadh they could not remain unaffected by the discontent back home . citation need
19 by 1857 the last vestige of independent indian state have disappear and the company export untold quantity of gold jewel silver silk cotton and a host of other precious material back to england every year . this extraordinary quantity of wealth much of it collect as taxes be absolutely critical in expand public and private infrastructure in britain and in finance british expansionism elsewhere in asia and africa . in no uncertain term this very wealth funded in large part the industrial revolution .
32 hartwood mansion as see from the northeast corner . hartwood acres park be a acre 0 km 2 county park in allegheny county pennsylvania united states . hartwood be consider the crown jewel of the county s acre 0 km 2 network of nine distinct park .
53 commonwealth the next residence for elizabeth and she brother be penshurst place under the care of robert sidney 2nd earl of leicester and his wife dorothy . parliamentary instruction be that the child should not be indulge however the countess of leicester treat elizabeth with great kindness and be the recipient of a jewel from the princess s own collection . the valuable jewel be later the centre of conflict between the countess and parliamentary commissioner appoint to oversee the late king s personal estate .
62 the next residence for elizabeth and she brother be penshurst place under the care of robert sidney 2nd earl of leicester and his wife dorothy . parliamentary instruction be that the child should not be indulge however the countess of leicester treat elizabeth with great kindness and be the recipient of a jewel from the princess s own collection . the valuable jewel be later the centre of conflict between the countess and parliamentary commissioner appoint to oversee the late king s personal estate .
92 the georgia governor hesitate to act and take only token measure to stop clarke and his party such as issue a proclamation in july that go unenforced . it be unlikely that mathews have enough public support to make a move against general clarke at that juncture but the tide of public opinion soon change . in late august judge george walton issue a scathing charge to an augusta grand jury in which he condemn the action of clarke and his follower as essentially an attempt to steal western land the richest jewel the state of georgia possess before other georgians have a fair chance of acquire title to they . in fact clarke welcome all settler to join the enterprise and specifically forbade issue large tract of the land in the new republic to speculator or other investor who would not actually settle there . in any case walton s charge change public opinion to a degree that allow the governor to muster a sufficient force of militia to march against clarke the former militia commander and hero of the american revolution who be still hold in high regard by white frontier settler .
110 the vast number of they have create a simple ecosystem similar to a desert above the hive . strangely the hive somehow have an ability to draw live creature into the desert and once that live thing be draw it be curse to forever be tempt to go to the hive though the power of the lapis lazuli counteract and remove the curse from lief something that happen to a mere woman name rigane who spend she life live on the outskirts of the desert and study the sand beasts and other creature of the desert . the hive then become the guardian s of the lapis lazuli and the jewel become part of the hive s pyramid beneath the ground . however the hive will not take one s life if you offer they something as tribute jasmine s dagger also become part of the pyramid . lief enter the cone in the center of the desert to retrieve the gem while barda and jasmine calm the hive by use smoke .
11 tiger cub/katya shifter-mage a young playful mage with a penchant for jewel and amulet . she be highly regard both by dark and light other . it be say that she can charm anyone .
13 verified discography # columbia 69813d wxco26300 polonaise je suis titania thomas “mignon” wxco26299 jewel song gounod “faust” josephine antoine soprano with wilfrid pelletier conduct the columbia opera orchestra 12 78 rpm phonorecord date from 1939 . # columbia 71025-d xco29333 the russian nightingale liebling-alabiev xco29327 lo here the gentle lark shakespeare-bishop josephine antoine soprano with henry j. bove flute and stuart ross piano 12 78 rpm phonorecord date from 1940 .
29 alexandra s life in the austrian court be unhappy . empress maria theresa the second wife of emperor franz ii be jealous of alexandra s beauty and she fine jewel . not only that alexandra very closely resemble the emperor s first wife elizabeth of wurttemberg who be alexandra s maternal aunt . furthermore she orthodox faith arouse the hostility of roman catholic austrian court .
52 the designer antonio pernas it have select to one of the offerer to open the week of the fashion in madrid madrid fashion show footbridge cibeles with the design of his new collection 2006-2007 . ¡ and the lucky person have be laura beigveder but everything have not finish there . the jewel company signature breil it have look for an image for the presentation of its jewel collection in an international event . ¡ and the choose one have be maria josé
67 the designer antonio pernas it have select to one of the offerer to open the week of the fashion in madrid madrid fashion show footbridge cibeles with the design of his new collection 2006-2007 . ¡ and the lucky person have be laura beigveder but everything have not finish there . the jewel company signature breil it have look for an image for the presentation of its jewel collection in an international event . ¡ and the choose one have be maria josé
65 the parade of the madrilenian model be as much successful that another designer vivienne tam present in the event it want that maite also march past for she . in addition laura beigveder it receive the congratulation of the jury after its parade in cibeles for antonio pernas . the andalusian mª jose be in milan to march past in an international event of the jewel company signature breil .
0 jewel be a ballet in three part choreograph by new york city ballet co-founder and balletmaster george balanchine in 1967 . it premièred on the 13th of april of the same year at the new york state theater .
0 jewel have be call the first full-length abstract ballet . it can also be see as three separate ballet link by their jewel-colored costume . in any case each of the three act feature the music of a different composer emeralds be set to the music of gabriel fauré ruby to the music of igor stravinsky and diamonds to music by pyotr ilyich tschaikovsky .
20 rupert pennefather and alina cojocaru in the diamond suite from the opening night of the revival of george balanchine s jewel perform by the royal ballet 23 november 2007 the three act emeralds music extract from gabriel fauré s pelléas et mélisande 1898 and shylock 1889 .
1 balanchine jewel by the paris opera ballet 2000 . with aurelie dupont alessio carbone marie-agnes gillot agnes letestu jean-guillaume bart clairemarie osta and kader belarbi . amazon.com
11 the state of the art turf field be the new crowning jewel to the university s athletic department . this new field allow a new type of flexibility for all of the program that the school do not have before . the turf field host soccer field hockey and lacrosse game .
36 on the slope of the mountain stand a pair of snow lion . hold between the two lion be the eight-spoked dharmacakra represent the noble eightfold path of buddhism . inside the wheel the three-colored swirling jewel represent the practice of the ten exalted virtue and the 16 humane mode of conduct.the inscription on the swirl banner below be as follow bod gzhung dga ldan pho brang phyog las rnam rgyal tibetan government gaden palace victorious in all direction .
53 iolaus suggest that whatever come out of the coccoon could be responsible to the man s death . hercules tell the other to bury the body and if they all stay together they will be fine . monicle one of the crew man break into one of the chest and while steal some jewel be pull up into the roof of the cave by something unseen .
21 the basilica be a monument to 16th century architecture but it be not alone since it be surround by other architectonic jewel like the chapel of nextipac of franciscan construction the chapel of santa ana tepetitlán a hospital found by franciscan . there be also 17th century building like the neoclassic church of san pedro apóstol ‘’cruz atrial de tesistán’’ the municipal palace and the zapopan entrance arch .
49 the installation of napoleon as first consul and the french victory in italy allow for a rapprochement with charles iv of spain . while talk be underway to re-establish diplomatic relation a traditional exchange of gift take place . charles receive versailles-manufactured pistol dress from the best parisian dressmaker jewel for the queen and a fine set of armour for the newly reappoint prime minister manuel godoy . in return napoleon be offer sixteen spanish horse from the royal stable portrait of the king and queen by goya and the portrait that be to be commission from david . the french ambassador to spain charles-jean-marie alquier request the original painting from david on charles behalf .
4 mark natividad roland ramos jewel reye rj rosalado david santos
27 as the biggest canadian gas discovery since the 1970s and its richest gas project ever the shell-operated caroline field stand out as a $ 10 billion resource jewel . although classify as a gas field in the lower-price environment of the day sulfur liquid and other by-product from the gas promise to exceed the value of the natural gas itself .
10 note on various people of the hyborian age red nails jewel of gwahlur beyond the black river the black stranger
16 the department of electronics and instrumentation engineering be the harbinger of its field and be a jewel in the crown of the institution . we be one among the few institution in state grow in the field of electronics and instrumentation .
32 judy s little no-no also release as let s do it be a 1969 crime film about an go-go dancer who be target by gangster after come into possession of a priceless jewel . the film be direct and write by sherman price and star elisa ingram john davis lodge and joe e. ross .
24 staryu ヒトデマン hitodeman in original japanese language version be a basic water-type pokémon which resemble a starfish . at its core be a red jewel like starmie s but staryu s be circular . the jewel act as the pokémon s eye and flash whenever it talk . instead of speak use syllable within its own name staryu make grunting/gargling noise probably because it do not actually have a mouth .
33 hitodeman in original japanese language version be a basic water-type pokémon which resemble a starfish . at its core be a red jewel like starmie s but staryu s be circular . the jewel act as the pokémon s eye and flash whenever it talk . instead of speak use syllable within its own name staryu make grunting/gargling noise probably because it do not actually have a mouth . it have the power to regenerate its point if any of they break off .
47 a remastered version with all-english lyric catalog number bf-7cd be on sale during the band s european tour in 2009 . the cover art of the english version have a blue background in place of the japanese version s green background and be in a regular cd jewel case instead of the japanese version s cardboard gate-fold case .
13 billy connolly as interviewee carrie fisher as interviewee jewel kilcher as interviewee as jewel steve martin as interviewee mike nichols as interviewee
6 the case be comparable with plastic jewel or amaray case when it come to size but it hold more of the feature of the lp style case in term of lightweight and printability . the dbs case open up from the side by move the slider part on which the disc be rest from the sleeve . the discbox slider be also consider as an environmental friendly prerecord media packaging option as it be 100 % recyclable and manufacturing use sustainable process .
40 grace gardens be an outdoor botanical garden with flower tropical plant . also on the property be one of the largest collection of flower passion flower vine in the world in the wing of the world secret garden . the jewel of the sky aviary be where hummingbird and other bird can be see .
40 de graaff tell the london telegraph in october 1968 that hemmes tell she the truth about she origin in 1937 . at that time she receive she dowry from the romanovs five million ruble a cloth belong to the crown jewel china and trinket . hemmes supposedly tell she that he have receive hush money from the romanov to stay quiet about his daughter s true origin . an intriguing side note to the story be that hemmes who come from a poor family and be himself impoverished be able in 1919 to build a luxurious home for his family in rotterdam which he later lose through incompetent business dealings .
57 determine to help he lisa invoke the help of lawyer friend steven michael trucco who have a crush on lisa . therefore he take a lawsuit against the company that make the faulty wiring on the bike which crash and leave he paralyze . instead of offer to take money he decline and give she a red jewel he find in a box hide away in his desk . the jewel unknown to steven be the cell for the evil djinn which awaken and inhabit his body . now under the wishmaster s control steven begin make advance on lisa who be become increasingly distraught since sam will not touch she anymore .
49 therefore he take a lawsuit against the company that make the faulty wiring on the bike which crash and leave he paralyze . instead of offer to take money he decline and give she a red jewel he find in a box hide away in his desk . the jewel unknown to steven be the cell for the evil djinn which awaken and inhabit his body . now under the wishmaster s control steven begin make advance on lisa who be become increasingly distraught since sam will not touch she anymore . she inadvertently cast three wish while around steven/djinn and the first two he grant but the third be the hardest one for lisa to love steven as he really be .
55 tannenbergsthal be worth a visit as well if you be look for relaxation and quiet for you find endless forest with lake and pond crystal clear mountain stream blossom meadow radium spring and easy walking trail there . europe s only topaz rock and nearby show mine be special attraction at tannenbergsthal . the crown jewel of queen elizabeth ii of the united kingdom contain tannenbergsthal topazes .
79 farscape the show be abruptly cancel after it have complete production of its fourth season with a fifth season contract effectively end the series on a cliffhanger . a mini-sery in 2004 farscape the peacekeeper war wrap up some of the show be hang plot thread . fastlane this highly stylize fox television series star tiffani thiessen peter facinelli and bill bellamy end its 22-episode 1 season run with undercover officer van facinelli and deaq bellamy successfully prevent a jewel heist spearhead by the first employee lt . billie chambers thiessen recruit to work for the candy store back when she hire criminal to pose as cop instead of cop pose as criminal . though the perp nick cassavetes be kill in the climax of the encounter the satisfied undercover duo be none the wiser that lt . billie chambers have be kidnap by cassavetes female associate who inject the formerly-addicted billie with heroin . first monday as law clerk ellie pearson and justice deborah szwark s cia attorney daughter walk to a restaurant szwark s daughter be strike by a car .
46 it appear to grow tire as it do this its nose-snorting grow loud and labored . it dance bizarrely when use its psychic energy . its style of dancing be hugely popular in many foreign country and its black pearl on its head be consider valuable jewel . it be also capable of bounce extraordinary height with its spring-like tail which it inherit from its younger evolutionary stage spoink . unlike spoink a grumpig do not need to bounce in order to stay alive .
41 brooklyn wednesday be a live album by jandek release in 2007 and be jandek s 51st album . for this performance he be accompany by matt heyner bass and chris corsano percussion . the disc be contain in two single-size double-disc jewel case in a cardboard sleeve . the same photo be on all three cover .
15 wrexham council history of wrexham i know wales wrexham s history wrexham on gather the jewel the website for welsh cultural history welsh coal mines all the welsh pit include all the local one
74 on 18 october 2007 he collaborate with beth ditto for luxury label swarovski s fashion rocks show hold at the royal albert hall to critical acclaim . the best and worst of fashion in 2007 times online in addition to design his own label and consulting at versace he be also part of atlier swarovski a small collective of designer who create special jewellery collection for swarovski . christopher kane s bangle be the jewel in the crown of selfridges new jewellery hall | vogue .com
28 its abdomen act as a six-celled honeycomb for combee grub . they feed on honey collect by other combee and protect vespiquen if its in danger . the jewel that be locate on the head of every vespiquen be use in battle to collect ray of light that can be reflect and fire at any enemy at will . vespiquen be able to release various pheromone in order to give the grub nesting in its body various order pokémon platinum sinnoh dex entry # 054 it release various pheromone to make the grub in its body do its bidding while fight foe . these order be apparently three powerful order attack attack order heal order and defend order which it use to command the grub in its body to help on defend heal or attack an enemy .
4 costume design interior design jewel design photography electronic music production professional dj
11 in 1967 the fine–boned young princess clothe in silk and glitter jewel perform beneath the star on the open pavilion within the palace wall accompany by the royal dance troupe and the pinpeat orchestra gongs drum xylophone horn and stringed instrument . select by she grandmother queen sisowath monivong kossomak neary rath vattana to become a dancer when she be only a baby . she tour the world as the white apsara or principal dancer of the classical cambodian ballet – a stunningly graceful 2000-year-old blend of sinuous hand gesture and sinuous body movement all deep with meaning .
34 there be a total of four type of wrist jewelry . 1)korng rak 2 3 kantrom 4)korng gnor 5)sanlek . the first be a truly beautiful diamond-like stud bracelet a fine and elegantly wrist jewel decorate in a tree branch-like fashion the second be more of a spring-like coiled gold color thick copper while the third type of bracelet two set be wear be small round bead orb/sphere bunch delicately connect to one another the last bracelet be a intricate and well decorate thickly rounded jewel . additionally an apsara dancer may be find wear a garland of jasmine .
85 there be a total of four type of wrist jewelry . 1)korng rak 2 3 kantrom 4)korng gnor 5)sanlek . the first be a truly beautiful diamond-like stud bracelet a fine and elegantly wrist jewel decorate in a tree branch-like fashion the second be more of a spring-like coiled gold color thick copper while the third type of bracelet two set be wear be small round bead orb/sphere bunch delicately connect to one another the last bracelet be a intricate and well decorate thickly rounded jewel . additionally an apsara dancer may be find wear a garland of jasmine .
14 five brave skilled and adventurous young people be choose to search for several magical jewel that be long ago take from the corona aurora literally crown of the dawn so as to prevent they from come into the possession of moltor and flurious who be brother banish long ago by the corona s guardian for have attempt to steal it . bbc . july 14 2008 . .
52 in response andrew hartford select the talented youth and modify their dna so as to grant they exceptional physical power by which to combat the evil . although moltor and flurious initially attempt to work together they soon become rival . the corona aurora fall into moltor s hand yet without its jewel it could not grant the owner universal power . later the evil warrior kamdor and miratrix begin hunt for the jewel as do the extraterrestrial fearcat . now the rangers join by a mercurian name tyzonn who join their rank as the mercury ranger be force to fight multiple villain and travel worldwide in the effort to capture the jewel before their enemy can .
46 although moltor and flurious initially attempt to work together they soon become rival . the corona aurora fall into moltor s hand yet without its jewel it could not grant the owner universal power . later the evil warrior kamdor and miratrix begin hunt for the jewel as do the extraterrestrial fearcat . now the rangers join by a mercurian name tyzonn who join their rank as the mercury ranger be force to fight multiple villain and travel worldwide in the effort to capture the jewel before their enemy can .
71 the corona aurora fall into moltor s hand yet without its jewel it could not grant the owner universal power . later the evil warrior kamdor and miratrix begin hunt for the jewel as do the extraterrestrial fearcat . now the rangers join by a mercurian name tyzonn who join their rank as the mercury ranger be force to fight multiple villain and travel worldwide in the effort to capture the jewel before their enemy can .
43 miratrix an evil ninja who co-lead the third faction of villain . she be the ally and servant of kamdor until she failure to defeat the power rangers convince he to abandon she as useless . he then imprison she in the same jewel in which he be hold captive . it be not know what happen to she after kamdor s destruction although flurious and will be show say that miratrix die with kamdor . it be suggest that she have learn of the corona aurora s existence and the then-proceeding hunt for its gem through dax whom she have seduce .
42 he be later destroy by mack with the use of the red sentinel ranger power . he be voice by david weatherley . cheetar a black cat/cheetah fearcat with a violent temper who come to earth with mig to search for the jewel of the corona aurora in an attempt to free their army from the prison mirror . he be destroy by the drivemax ultrazord . he be voice by james gaylyn .
14 artifacts both the rangers and villain travel the world in search of the corona jewel . to aide they they must uncover special relic that serve as clue that lead to the lose jewel . corona aurora the corona aurora be a crown resemble that wear in medieval europe but claim to be of divine origin .
33 artifacts both the rangers and villain travel the world in search of the corona jewel . to aide they they must uncover special relic that serve as clue that lead to the lose jewel . corona aurora the corona aurora be a crown resemble that wear in medieval europe but claim to be of divine origin . it be also commonly call the crown of the gods .
49 corona aurora the corona aurora be a crown resemble that wear in medieval europe but claim to be of divine origin . it be also commonly call the crown of the gods . to prevent its capture by those of negative interest the sentinel knight scatter the crown s jewel across earth . at the opening of the film series the crown be in andrew s possession from which be steal by moltor . follow the destruction of moltor s lair ownership of the crown pass to flurious who then add one jewel to it .
59 to prevent its capture by those of negative interest the sentinel knight scatter the crown s jewel across earth . at the opening of the film series the crown be in andrew s possession from which be steal by moltor . follow the destruction of moltor s lair ownership of the crown pass to flurious who then add one jewel to it . after steal the remain four jewel from the rangers flurious complete the corona aurora . flurious use its power to battle the rangers but be destroy by mack .
48 at the opening of the film series the crown be in andrew s possession from which be steal by moltor . follow the destruction of moltor s lair ownership of the crown pass to flurious who then add one jewel to it . after steal the remain four jewel from the rangers flurious complete the corona aurora . flurious use its power to battle the rangers but be destroy by mack . the sentinel knight now fully restore to his original physical form later appear with the corona and use it to revive mack and transform he into a human .
43 when the rangers assemble correctly all three scroll the scroll transform into the sword . sword of neptune when the three neptune scrolls be lay end to end they become a blade call the sword of neptune . it be initially miss a jewel from its hilt . upon its formation it fly out of rose s hand and pierce the island of saint lucia on a map point the rangers to the location of the pearl that fit its hilt . the pearl have be a lucky charm for the ghost brownbeard a play on blackbeard until he wish to repay the rangers for the gift to he of a gem call the eye of the sea give it to rose whose friend he have become .
64 the pearl have be a lucky charm for the ghost brownbeard a play on blackbeard until he wish to repay the rangers for the gift to he of a gem call the eye of the sea give it to rose whose friend he have become . eye of the sea jewel discover on the island of saint lucia . believe to be the first jewel of the corona aurora but be prove not to be . the rangers trade it to brownbeard for his lucky pearl . dragon scale the scale of the dragon fire heart purchase by andrew hartford from toby slambrook owner of the rock porium in briarwood feature in power rangers mystic force to empower the defender vest .
66 hou-ou bird a golden statue of a japanese phoenix locate in istanbul . when direct at the sun at the perfect angle it come to life and lead miratrix to the next clue to what be believe to be the toru diamond . ancient parchment before the hou-ou bird disappear it leave behind a parchment that miratrix and kamdor retrieve and which lead to the next jewel of the corona . however they could not figure out what the ancient symbol mean and soon lose the parchment to the rangers . moltor release a monstrous tyzonn to successfully retrieve the parchment though tyzonn s resignation from moltor s army again put the item in the hand of the rangers .
64 however they could not figure out what the ancient symbol mean and soon lose the parchment to the rangers . moltor release a monstrous tyzonn to successfully retrieve the parchment though tyzonn s resignation from moltor s army again put the item in the hand of the rangers . tyzonn decode it by pour lemonade contain citrus to lead the rangers to the second jewel of the corona aurora . yanomami statue a mysterious bronze-colored statue excavate in the brazilian rain forest and give to the rangers by the leader of an excavation team as a reward for the rescue thereof . when give to the rangers it give off a jewel signature suggest that it have be expose to a jewel of the corona aurora .
62 tyzonn decode it by pour lemonade contain citrus to lead the rangers to the second jewel of the corona aurora . yanomami statue a mysterious bronze-colored statue excavate in the brazilian rain forest and give to the rangers by the leader of an excavation team as a reward for the rescue thereof . when give to the rangers it give off a jewel signature suggest that it have be expose to a jewel of the corona aurora . the statue itself resemble a man hold a hammer and cannon in each of its hand . the face look like the face on mars which rose discover have once point to a location in mexico where the next artifact could be find .
72 tyzonn decode it by pour lemonade contain citrus to lead the rangers to the second jewel of the corona aurora . yanomami statue a mysterious bronze-colored statue excavate in the brazilian rain forest and give to the rangers by the leader of an excavation team as a reward for the rescue thereof . when give to the rangers it give off a jewel signature suggest that it have be expose to a jewel of the corona aurora . the statue itself resemble a man hold a hammer and cannon in each of its hand . the face look like the face on mars which rose discover have once point to a location in mexico where the next artifact could be find .
60 the face look like the face on mars which rose discover have once point to a location in mexico where the next artifact could be find . cannon of ki amuk a legendary blaster that be unearthed from under a mountain by the fearcat only to be claim by tyzonn and the flash point megazord . it exhibit the same jewel signature as the yanomami statue . by load mjolnir into the cannon s barrel the rangers and thor the god of thunder be able to recover the next artifact which be encase in hard rock . mjöllnir the legendary hammer of thor the norse god of thunder .
68 he give the compass to one of his minion who be able to use its power to manipulate qi and li energy in order to cause mack nothing but bad luck . mack overcome the influence of the compass and in turn use it against the monster allow it to be destroy . the rangers then use the compass to lead they to the location of the third jewel of the corona . super armor moltor give the fearcat a map to find powerful samurai armor that would make they invincible in exchange for their promise to destroy the rangers . the fearcat use the armor on their new giant robot and quickly prove to be too strong for the drivemax and flash point megazords .
59 after lose in battle against the rangers the fearcat state that the chalice have more than one use . the rangers then destroy the fearcat and take possession of it so they could decipher its other use . the chalice lead the rangers to greece where they invoke it in a ceremony to give guidance in find the last jewel . miratrix interrupt they and use the power of the chalice to turn into a supernaturally powerful bird-like monster form . sands of scylla minerva s staff and the root of heisker three relic retrieve by flurious moltor kamdor and miratrix but all steal by the fearcat .
68 sands of scylla minerva s staff and the root of heisker three relic retrieve by flurious moltor kamdor and miratrix but all steal by the fearcat . once place inside the octavian chalice the energy of these three item be merge together to create the legendary beast agrios . golden plate after miratrix s separation from the octavian chalice the chalice answer the rangers question find the final jewel by turn into a golden plate the discovery of which send they back to egypt . there they find an anubis statue which when the plate be place in its hand open a secret passage to a sealed stone sarcophagus which hold a golden coin . the rangers attempt to open it but discover that they need a key to do so .
66 when they present it to andrew he recognize it as match an indentation on the sarcophagus of a mummy which he have be give as a gift year earlier . when the coin be place in the indentation and come into close contact with the three corona jewels in the rangers possession it bring the mummy to life . the mummy give the rangers the fifth jewel of the corona before it be blast by an army of invade chiller . compass of keats a treasure only feature in power rangers super legends . the overdrive rangers use it to detect errant time crystal .
4 corona jewels the five jewel be scatter around the world and have take on new gem form . when they be bring to the corona they revert to their original diamond-shaped form . brownbeard s pearl when the eye of the sea do not fit on the hilt of the sword of neptune the rangers give it to brownbeard .
61 when they be bring to the corona they revert to their original diamond-shaped form . brownbeard s pearl when the eye of the sea do not fit on the hilt of the sword of neptune the rangers give it to brownbeard . in exchange he give they his lucky pearl which fit the sword and be therefore reveal as the first jewel to the corona aurora . the gem s original form be the black corona jewel . toru diamond the ancient parchment reveal the location of the second jewel within a volcano .
61 brownbeard s pearl when the eye of the sea do not fit on the hilt of the sword of neptune the rangers give it to brownbeard . in exchange he give they his lucky pearl which fit the sword and be therefore reveal as the first jewel to the corona aurora . the gem s original form be the black corona jewel . toru diamond the ancient parchment reveal the location of the second jewel within a volcano . mack and tyzonn fly into the volcano use the sonic streaker .
47 in exchange he give they his lucky pearl which fit the sword and be therefore reveal as the first jewel to the corona aurora . the gem s original form be the black corona jewel . toru diamond the ancient parchment reveal the location of the second jewel within a volcano . mack and tyzonn fly into the volcano use the sonic streaker . tyzonn s scale protect he from the heat of the lava allow he to descend on a rope and retrieve the diamond .
40 mack and tyzonn fly into the volcano use the sonic streaker . tyzonn s scale protect he from the heat of the lava allow he to descend on a rope and retrieve the diamond . the power of the two jewel be enough to transform tyzonn into his mercurian form . the gem s original form be the yellow corona jewel . blue sapphire an ancient compass show the rangers the way to the third jewel which be hide underwater whence will dax and ronny retrieve it .
48 tyzonn s scale protect he from the heat of the lava allow he to descend on a rope and retrieve the diamond . the power of the two jewel be enough to transform tyzonn into his mercurian form . the gem s original form be the yellow corona jewel . blue sapphire an ancient compass show the rangers the way to the third jewel which be hide underwater whence will dax and ronny retrieve it . will be give the duty of deliver it to hartford but be attack by miratrix and kamdor and the sapphire be steal .
40 the power of the two jewel be enough to transform tyzonn into his mercurian form . the gem s original form be the yellow corona jewel . blue sapphire an ancient compass show the rangers the way to the third jewel which be hide underwater whence will dax and ronny retrieve it . will be give the duty of deliver it to hartford but be attack by miratrix and kamdor and the sapphire be steal . to keep the rangers busy while he search for the final jewel kamdor use the gem s power to create a meteorite that nearly destroy earth .
60 blue sapphire an ancient compass show the rangers the way to the third jewel which be hide underwater whence will dax and ronny retrieve it . will be give the duty of deliver it to hartford but be attack by miratrix and kamdor and the sapphire be steal . to keep the rangers busy while he search for the final jewel kamdor use the gem s power to create a meteorite that nearly destroy earth . while kamdor be battle the rangers norg discover the sapphire in the ninjas lair and then present it to flurious . flurious then use the sapphire s power to destroy moltor s lair .
43 while kamdor be battle the rangers norg discover the sapphire in the ninjas lair and then present it to flurious . flurious then use the sapphire s power to destroy moltor s lair . the gem s original form be the blue corona jewel . star of isis the egyptian tablet s hieroglyphic translate into a code that lead straight to the fourth jewel hide in the floridan everglade . by sneak a computer virus into the rangers base kamdor and miratrix be able to get to the location first the rangers nevertheless arrive and the two group battle fiercely for possession of the jewel result in mack s have to become the red sentinel ranger in order to successfully defeat their enemy .
42 flurious then use the sapphire s power to destroy moltor s lair . the gem s original form be the blue corona jewel . star of isis the egyptian tablet s hieroglyphic translate into a code that lead straight to the fourth jewel hide in the floridan everglade . by sneak a computer virus into the rangers base kamdor and miratrix be able to get to the location first the rangers nevertheless arrive and the two group battle fiercely for possession of the jewel result in mack s have to become the red sentinel ranger in order to successfully defeat their enemy . kamdor and miratrix attempt to leave with the jewel in hand but ronny be able to use she superhuman speed to snatch it from kamdor s hand right as they be leave .
70 the gem s original form be the blue corona jewel . star of isis the egyptian tablet s hieroglyphic translate into a code that lead straight to the fourth jewel hide in the floridan everglade . by sneak a computer virus into the rangers base kamdor and miratrix be able to get to the location first the rangers nevertheless arrive and the two group battle fiercely for possession of the jewel result in mack s have to become the red sentinel ranger in order to successfully defeat their enemy . kamdor and miratrix attempt to leave with the jewel in hand but ronny be able to use she superhuman speed to snatch it from kamdor s hand right as they be leave . the gem s original form be the red corona jewel .
87 star of isis the egyptian tablet s hieroglyphic translate into a code that lead straight to the fourth jewel hide in the floridan everglade . by sneak a computer virus into the rangers base kamdor and miratrix be able to get to the location first the rangers nevertheless arrive and the two group battle fiercely for possession of the jewel result in mack s have to become the red sentinel ranger in order to successfully defeat their enemy . kamdor and miratrix attempt to leave with the jewel in hand but ronny be able to use she superhuman speed to snatch it from kamdor s hand right as they be leave . the gem s original form be the red corona jewel . pink emerald the fifth jewel be give to the rangers by the mummy before the creature vanish .
96 by sneak a computer virus into the rangers base kamdor and miratrix be able to get to the location first the rangers nevertheless arrive and the two group battle fiercely for possession of the jewel result in mack s have to become the red sentinel ranger in order to successfully defeat their enemy . kamdor and miratrix attempt to leave with the jewel in hand but ronny be able to use she superhuman speed to snatch it from kamdor s hand right as they be leave . the gem s original form be the red corona jewel . pink emerald the fifth jewel be give to the rangers by the mummy before the creature vanish . the jewel be keep inside of a special box which block the jewel signature from be detect by the rangers tracker .
48 kamdor and miratrix attempt to leave with the jewel in hand but ronny be able to use she superhuman speed to snatch it from kamdor s hand right as they be leave . the gem s original form be the red corona jewel . pink emerald the fifth jewel be give to the rangers by the mummy before the creature vanish . the jewel be keep inside of a special box which block the jewel signature from be detect by the rangers tracker . the gem s original form be the pink corona jewel .
30 the gem s original form be the red corona jewel . pink emerald the fifth jewel be give to the rangers by the mummy before the creature vanish . the jewel be keep inside of a special box which block the jewel signature from be detect by the rangers tracker . the gem s original form be the pink corona jewel .
41 the gem s original form be the red corona jewel . pink emerald the fifth jewel be give to the rangers by the mummy before the creature vanish . the jewel be keep inside of a special box which block the jewel signature from be detect by the rangers tracker . the gem s original form be the pink corona jewel .
49 pink emerald the fifth jewel be give to the rangers by the mummy before the creature vanish . the jewel be keep inside of a special box which block the jewel signature from be detect by the rangers tracker . the gem s original form be the pink corona jewel .
44 elyon brown naturally have these power as part of she heritage as rightful ruler of meridian . the heart of meridian play a large part in season two of the animated series . it be take by nerissa who trick elyon into accept a jewel from she mother s crown which absorb she magic and after it be fully absorb trick elyon again into make she willingly give it up take she power in the process .
14 heart of zamballa the heart of zamballa like the heart of kandrakar be a jewel but be show to be a partially live being . kadma consistently talk to the heart ask to be lend its power and to help their subject even occasionally ask for advice . the heart alike the heart of kandrakar have its own spirit and be the owner of its own power but be control by its holder .
9 seal of phobos – be a rhombus shape magical jewel that allow the user to have the power to open portal in the veil . it be steal by galgheita rudolph to take elyon as a baby still over to earth to protect she from she brother phobos . before enter through the portal she drop the seal and it fall into a sewer .
72 phobos manage to gain the seal away from nerissa and rename it the sceptre of phobos . after retake meridian phobos set his sight on kandrakar and be on the verge of take it when he be betray by lord cedric who swallow he whole thus gain his power for his own . after cedric s defeat phobos be bring back up and the seal be also break separate into a tear-drop jewel and the heart of zamballa . c.h.y.k.n. and elyon manage to escape however nerissa can not since she do not have harmony .
36 to complete the task begin by his father of conquer the island of srilanka rajendra chola i invade the island in 1018 ce. as a result of the campaign rajendra claim to have capture the regal jewel of the pandya king which parantaka i try in vain to capture . rajendra also capture the crown of the sinhala king his queen and daughter . the sinhala king mahinda v be take prisoner and transport to the chola country .
38 it be release in the uk on september 10 2007 on w14 a new label within the universal music group . a u.s. release follow on 2 october 2007 on decca records . in addition to the standard jewel case mantaray be also release in a limited edition version encase in a tri-fold digipak which include three exclusive postcard and a fold-out poster . there be no difference in the track listing between the two version .
42 the statue be a miniature copy of the original standing on the main square of kolozsvár now cluj-napoca . this copy be save after the war and put on display in the hungarian national gallery . strong room páncélterem the hungarian crown jewel be keep in the specially design strong room on the second floor of the krisztinaváros wing . the crown of saint stephen be keep here between 1900 and 1944 . queen elisabeth memorial museum erzsébet királyné emlékmúzeum this small museum on the second floor of the krisztinaváros wing be establish in remembrance of queen elisabeth .
17 a cista in the classical world be generally a casket use for example to hold unguent or jewel . more specifically in the mystery cult a cista mystica literally sacred chest be a basket or chest use to house snake . cistae mystica be use in the initiation ceremony of the cult of bacchus or dionysus as well as an early gnostic sect call the ophite .
56 in 1970 it be purchase by the turin city council from a descendant of rosa vercellana for the sum of 132 million lira . the park be open to the public two year later but almost immediately the mausoleum be break into and the remains of vercellana and she descendant be mutilate by people search for jewel . further act of vandalism take place over subsequent year and the structure fall into a state of dereliction . major restoration work be carry out at the start of the twenty-first century and the park be re-open to the public in 2005 .
51 atlus games revelation persona in english 1996-9-20 us as later reveal in persona 2 takahisa s corruption lead to nyarlathotep be summon to his side . if takahisa be not be control by nyarlathotep then he be most certainly be goad by he at the very least . takahisa s crown jewel be the dva system pronounce deva a generator which open gateway to parallel dimension by feed off brainwave from an unconscious host .
69 they then chance upon a meeting with a fly vanara hanuman a messenger to sugriva who agree wholeheartedly to take they to meet he . sugriva introduce himself to rama as an exiled vanara king who himself have be live apart from his wife for several year . he inform rama of sita’s cry for help that be hear and show the prince of ayodhya a collection of she jewel which be drop from the sky . after confirm that they be indeed his wife’s jewel rama agree to form a covenant with sugriva where they will team together and help each other solve their problem . rama help sugriva defeat his brother vali in battle and restore the kingdom to his friend .
60 sugriva introduce himself to rama as an exiled vanara king who himself have be live apart from his wife for several year . he inform rama of sita’s cry for help that be hear and show the prince of ayodhya a collection of she jewel which be drop from the sky . after confirm that they be indeed his wife’s jewel rama agree to form a covenant with sugriva where they will team together and help each other solve their problem . rama help sugriva defeat his brother vali in battle and restore the kingdom to his friend . in return sugriva send out large search party to look for sita in all corner of the country .
72 41-42 be bear in a contaminated star which also happen to be zahab s home planet and his only instinct/purpose be to destroy star . overall it be very similar to godzilla in appearance though it lack the large dorsal spine and instead have a pair of huge horn and its head be more dragon-like . this wicked beast can also absorb the life of a star and turn it into a jewel which zahab would add to his collection to maintain his immortality and to expand the life of his follower . in battle it possess powerful jaw its tail be extremely muscular and it can fire powerful blast of energy from its mouth . by attach his castle to daitanix s back zahab be able to control it destroy and absorb star throughout the milky way .
58 retrieve on 3 august 2007 many difference regard the orthodox church and the union of brest be thus settle . the religious freedom that have be establish in 1573 by the warsaw confederation be reaffirm and a new tax be adopt the kwarta which send 40 % of starostwo income to the royal treasury . kate wilson the jewel of liberty steal the rokosz of sandomierz and polish dissent paper at graduate conference in central european studies the contour of legitimacy in central europe oxford pdf. retrieve on 3 august 2007 it be decide to fortify puck and to create there a port for the commonwealth navy . slownik geograficzny puck .
58 although generally refer to favorably in era literature in the occident and american jewish advocate isaac leeser appear to offer gutheim especially favorable coverage through the 1860 s . gutheim’s move from cincinnati ohio to new orleans be give flowery coverage say that “the crescent city have rob the queen of the west of one of the brightest jewel in she diadem . ” there be also the printing of an exchange of pleasantry in the form of correspondence between gutheim then serve as congregational rabbus of shangarai chasset and the congregation’s president isaac hart father of confederate army major alexander hart when the congregation present gutheim with a gift mark the anniversary of his service to the congregation . his first term as rabbus of the synagogue be from 1850-1853 .
14 in cyros hercules discover that iolaus have be imprison for steal the king s jewel the punishment death . hercules go to king meneleus and tell he iolaus be his friend the king say his trial will be tomorrow and he will be execute shortly after . hercules try to convince the king that iolaus be not a thief but the king do not believe he .
60 so the band quickly put out more copy whether for purchase or download in mp3/flac format at a very cheap cost the downloadable version include exclusive printable artwork . a japanese edition be release through whd in late october 2007 and include the radio edit of fear of a blank planet as a bonus track . a second unlimited super jewel box inside a cardboard slipcover edition be release in february 18 2008 on peaceville records . . .
0 jewel aken bear september 12 1940 houston texas rockabilly .nl be an american singer and record producer .
16 the pitch write corinna have pay she due in life and very well may be the jewel in kansas city s crown . she be not someone who be inspire to become a singer and a writer the first time she see a jewel video . fugate deal with pain in this album give it weight .
21 rin excel in transformation of energy which include storage of mana in object . she store all of she mana in jewel that she charge daily to bypass she body s natural limitation on release energy . she can detonate she jewel on contact with an object result in a release of energy equivalent to an attack rank of a . she most common offensive spell be gandr which fire concentrate mana in the form of a black orb from she finger .
41 rin excel in transformation of energy which include storage of mana in object . she store all of she mana in jewel that she charge daily to bypass she body s natural limitation on release energy . she can detonate she jewel on contact with an object result in a release of energy equivalent to an attack rank of a . she most common offensive spell be gandr which fire concentrate mana in the form of a black orb from she finger . on contact the spell amplify physical condition a person who be already sick for example become far sicker upon be hit .
56 he be ultimately the winner of the fifth holy grail war and be a live incarnation of the hero of justice . the throne of heroes which preserve the soul of all epic spirit exist outside of any conventional timeline so archer can be call from any point in history . he be link to the jewel use to save shiro s life which allow he to be summon . he be voice by junichi suwabe in the anime adaptation and by liam o'brien in the english adaptation .
9 platycypha be a genus of african damselfly in the jewel damselfly family chlorocyphidae . it contain the following species
86 the cham king themselves have leave we stone inscription describe the gift of now lose precious object they make to the shrine and sanctuary of the realm . especially noteworthy be the practice of donate decorate metallic sleeve kosa and diadem mukuta to important linga and the divinity with which they be affiliate . for example an inscription on a stone stele date approximately 1080 a.d. and find at my son report that king harivarman donate a large resplendent golden kosa adorn with the most beautiful jewel more brilliant than the sun illuminated day and night by the ray of shine gem decorate by four face to the deity srisanabhadresvara a local embodiment of siva . a few year later around 1088 harivarman may have be outdo by his successor indravarman who donate a golden kosa with six face face in the four cardinal direction toward the northeast and the southeast top off by a nagaraja serpent-king ornament and decorate with precious gemstone include a ruby a saphire a topaz and a pearl . finot note d’epigraphie xi.
7 the ghost walks 1934 wonder bar 1934 jewel robbery 1932 whoopee 1930 janice meredith 1924
66 though his health decline after the turn of the millennium spain continue to visit wtva almost daily until his death . know to many of his employee as a true hands-on owner spain often brag that he could take the channel 9 staff anywhere in the world and they would be second to none . of all the accomplishment spain have oversee wtva be his crown jewel .
100 after galicia be once again plunder by one of the multiple raid with which the muslims devastate the region in the 8th century trezenzonio go to the tower of hercules in la coruña . there he take a look at the sea where with the help of the first light of the dawning he could see the great isle of solstice magna insula solistitialis which be consacrate to saint thecla santa tecla . he decide to sail to that place and after have land in that island he see an immense prairie where a great basilica stand up decorate with jewel and gem . in that island the weather be delicious and there be plenty of food . pain hunger fear and misfortune be absent .
32 the game contain a variety of element that both aid and hinder the player s progress through the wave . at his disposal jones have tnt gun sword hat for extra life jewel for extra time and his classic whip . oppose he be bat rat snake spider and an endless supply of thugee servant . in addition if jones land in any of the lava pit crash a mine cart or hit a boulder or spike trap he lose one life .
105 evelyn gordon have try on three occasion to murder she newly wed husband james gordon although she have no memory of do so after the event . james believe that she may be the reincarnation of elizabeth douglas the wife of his ancestor richard gordon who murder she out of jealousy and the attempt on his life be the result of she vengeance on the family line . evelyn have also however recently receive a present from she spurned lover joseph roelocke as a peace offering a copper ring made like a scaly snake coil three time with its tail in its mouth and yellow jewel for eye . james believe roelocke find the ring somewhere in hungary .
21 fall of baghdadmongol attack of baghdad 1258 main article battle of baghdad 1258 baghdad the seat of the abbasid dynasty the jewel of islam and one of the largest and most powerful city in the world for 500 year fall on february 15 1258 an event often consider as the single most catastrophic event in the history of islam . the christian georgians have be the first to breach the wall and be among the fiercest in their destruction . the georgian troops who have be the first to break through the wall be particularly fiercest in their destruction runciman history of the crusades 3 p . 303 when hulagu conquer the city the mongols demolish building burned entire neighborhood and massacred nearly 80,000 man woman and child .
27 the church be the oldest building in the community . the foundation wall go back to the 13th century . after it be renovate it become a jewel among evangelical church in rhenish hesse . in the middle of the community on the gaustraße stand the town hall build in 1594 . on the kreuzberg mountain in more recent time a calvary cross have be put up .
51 in the centre of the village lie the unterhof a former manor in which be now find the municipal administration the community centre and the unterhofkeller wine cellar . the inner courtyard shelter by a huge ancient oak offer an ideal venue for summertime festival and cultural event . a particular jewel in the parish church be the famous geissel organ by johann peter geissel the oldest organ in the bishopric of mainz which be in saint christopher’s church in mainz until 1773 . regular organ recital with international artist be among the cultural highlight in village life . gau-bischofsheim’s old railway station today a youth meeting centre regular event
83 the case of the cautious coquette 1949 – at the behest of mason who be represent a young man hit by a car paul drake place an ad in the paper ask for witness to the hit and run . to mason s astonishment two different driver be identify one by a mysterious letter enclose a key . the case of the negligent nymph 1950 – a young woman swim to mason s canoe to escape a vicious watchdog then be accuse of jewel theft and murder . but it be the dog who provide the key to the murder . the case of the one-eyed witness 1950 – when a mysterious woman hire mason over the telephone he must defend she in a case that involve an adoption racket and she husband s murder .
67 serve as the first episode of the television series . the case of the sun bather s diary 1955 – mason defend the daughter of a man convict of arm robbery who first lose she trailer all she clothes and she diary . the case of the glamorous ghost 1955 – a scantily-clad woman claim she s get amnesia and can not remember a thing about the jewel smuggling or the murder . the case of the nervous accomplice 1955 – mason be hire by a woman whose husband be have an affair to wreck it then defend she on a murder charge . the case of the terrified typist 1956 – after a temporary typist who enjoy trick photography have leave mason s office in a tear hurry he and della find some diamond stick in chew gum on the bottom of she desk .
26 kamal malhotra sanjay dutt be a salesman work with a table-fan manufacturing firm . he live with his uncle and mother . one night in a jewel exhibition he meet the nawab of chandrapur raza murad . while introduce himself to the nawab his name be overhear by a member of a gang kamran viju khote . he be invite by kamran to meet a diamond dealer seth narottam johri .
10 towards the end the nawab organise an exhibition of his jewel which sonia be suppose to exhibit by wear they . during the exhibition kamal be keep in a closed room as he watch the exhibition on a cctv . captain disguise himself as the nawab by wear a mask .
30 current business hancocks found in 1849 be still family own by stephen and janie burton and be one of london s oldest specialist dealer buy and sell rare and collectable jewel . hancocks of london . .
81 soon after mademoiselle mariette come to see monsieur le commissaire because she brother have disappear in mysterious circumstance . the man in grey send for mademoiselle philippa and when she arrive it become apparent that the rogue have run off with she emerald a necklace tiara and earring which be a gift from the emperor of russia and worth the best part of a million franc . she have not see jacques in two day when he leave she take the jewel under the guise of show they to his mother .
3 despite have she jewel return the dancer be horrify at the trick that have be play upon she meanwhile the de romaines mother and daughter are take to rennes where they be try and imprison .
27 the best of the alan parsons project be a compilation album release by arista in france on 2002 . both disc be house in a slim-line double jewel case .
64 yevgeny/edward and the whole company join in the song as they will the boat on towards england west and safety bound . lucy later speak to edward on the boat and he express fear about go to a strange place he do not know . edward be then approach by a russian woman name tatiana who try to sell he counterfeit gem and precious jewel from his homeland of russia but edward refuse to give in to such temptation precious matryoshkas . the boat eventually arrive at the dock in harwich where lucy again try to comfort she father by sing west and safety bound reprise . meanwhile tatiana report edward to a policeman claim he be a russian spy .
39 when deon tell cyrene about his mother she wonder what will happen to they as she be only mortal . deon reassure she that his power do not change how he feel about she . karis tempt deon with jewel and promise that he could have anyone he want . karis offer for deon to work with he . meanwhile hercules be attack by the bandit again while he be at the village tavern .
44 in 2005 a fast company article title consultant heal thyself describe the creation of katzenbach partners as a quiet experiment unfold in the realm of organization building . consultant heal thyself in 2004 consulting magazine select katzenbach partners as one of its seven small jewel 2004 rankings an annual listing of firm with 200 or less employee that have distinguish themselves inside the consulting marketplace through any number of innovative approach whether they be relate to recruiting client service or think leadership . faq
15 # river～行雲流水～（album ver . ） river~kouunryuusui album ver . # 私の翼 watashi no tsubasa # jewel # 小さな魔法 chiisana mahou # 絆～the dramatic bond style ～ kizuna~the dramatic bond style
28 rosenthal make his debut with the pilot cassie co. follow by the motion picture the legend of billie jean . this be follow by such film as the jewel of the nile superman iv the quest for peace star trek vi the undiscovered country the beverly hillbillies and mercury rise . star trek vi co-writer leonard nimoy later allege in his book i be spock that konner and rosenthal actually have nothing to do with the finish script but the studio give they credit for political reason .
63 he be a great patron of traditional lainingthou cult . a contemporary text khagemba langjei be the expression of the supremecy of sanamahi as the universal god of the meeteis . the learned scholar who be well know authority and religious and theology and who attend his court be apoimacha konok thengra salam sana yumnam tomba and langon lukhoi – sort of six jewel of khagemba’s court . he be succeed by his son khunjaoba in 1652 a.d. khunjaoba be engage in the fortification of kangla and excavt the moat in the front of the brick gateway construct by khagemba . paikhomba ascend the throne in 1666 .
41 the chinelo’s dress be like tunica that take the friar and be elaborate of velvet . the most popular color of these tunica be red and black . on the túnica they wear a layer embroider with all class of artificial jewel .
45 the couple divorce in 1938. malaya the malayan union experiment 1942-1948 1995 pg 140 however it end on good term and there be no bad feeling between the two . this be evident by the sultan who continue to add to his ex-wife s spectacular jewel collection reputedly give she an emerald on she birthday and a diamond on their wedding anniversary even after the divorce .
8 bartholomew be once say to have the finest jewel and diamond collection in the world .
49 he wander through a universe fill with freudian symbol and jungian archetype . he learn that red orc s father the appropriately name los fear his son and attempt to prevent he from become lord of los s universe . he imprison he and attempt to suffocate he with jewel . he exile he to a world where escape can only be have through narrow tunnel guard by hairy spider . during these adventure red orc be separately seduce by his mother and aunt .
47 suleiman s daughter take a liking to the dog and decide to keep he herself . one morning the dog receive a spare breakfast of one dinner roll which he take out in the countryside . as he roam he discover a house of splendor make of jewel . there be well-dressed people go into the building but when they come out they be thin and pale wear rag and apparently starve to death . one young girl crawl out of the palace pass the dog and attempt to eat a blade of grass .
8 the road to singapore 1931 high pressure 1932 jewel robbery 1932 one way passage 1932 lawyer man 1933
38 from the mariinsky theatre st . petersburg dr large have televise opera under the musical direction of valery gergiev include pique dame and the original st . petersburg version of la forza del destino as well as ballet jewel ballet and don quixote .
2 publications the jewel in the lotus recollection of an indian political basil john gould chatto windus 1957. tibetan language record basil gould tharchin 1949 tibetan word book sir basil gould c.m.g. c.i.e. and hugh edward richardson oxford university press 1943
2 lena kleinschmidt jewel thief citation need fritz kuhn german american bund leader german american bund maria kraus-boelté pioneer of fröbel education in the united states and help promote kindergarten training as suitable for study at university level
20 it be a woman in white sari . she look pale and have dark kind eye . she wear no jewel . after a brief introduction she invite arun for some refreshment at the station dining room . she take his hand and lead he away .
42 al green remain on watch outside . the date of the robbery be perfect . most of the hotel s guest be soundly sleep off their escapade from the previous new year s eve extravaganza which they have attend wear their finest jewel . the jewel be keep in safety deposit box downstairs until more secure bank vault re-open at 9:00 that morning . also because of the holiday the hotel have only a skeleton crew include guard .
38 the date of the robbery be perfect . most of the hotel s guest be soundly sleep off their escapade from the previous new year s eve extravaganza which they have attend wear their finest jewel . the jewel be keep in safety deposit box downstairs until more secure bank vault re-open at 9:00 that morning . also because of the holiday the hotel have only a skeleton crew include guard . the man quickly round up all the staff .
45 corallo demand an outrageous 33 % of the take . nalo become so enraged that he transport the bulk of it to a friend s house in detroit michigan . robert comfort return from rochester new york where he live to help nalo fence the jewel . comfort owe a lot of money to illegal bookmaker who be threaten his life . the police be notify of his whereabouts by an informant and he be arrest at the royal manhattan hotel .
41 nalo be also arrest for his alleged participation in the robbery and the two burglar each receive four-year sentence . shortly after the arrest of comfort and nalo nalo s friend in michigan become nervous and turn over $ 750,000 in jewel to police . million more in currency and jewel be take by another friend of nalo s who abscond to mexico and be never hear of again .
50 nalo be also arrest for his alleged participation in the robbery and the two burglar each receive four-year sentence . shortly after the arrest of comfort and nalo nalo s friend in michigan become nervous and turn over $ 750,000 in jewel to police . million more in currency and jewel be take by another friend of nalo s who abscond to mexico and be never hear of again .
35 donald s friend know as peter receive $ 250,000 . ali-ben and al green spend most of their money in europe . robert comfort end up with $ 1.5 million and samuel nalo receive his jewel that his friend have not steal . his nickname be city but his real name be unknown .
4 summary scanned from cd jewel case .
27 new york times . 3 april 2004 . . barnett become the new ceo and chairman of the board of shaklee corporation . shaklee be the crown jewel of the network marketing industry barnett state . my dream be to build shaklee into the number one company in the world in our field . barnett go on to predict shaklee would become the lead nutrition and natural personal care company in the world generate $ 5 billion in annual revenue .
17 friend of the baytown nature center . baytown nature center baytown bert . baytown nature center a jewel in the great texas coastal birding trail
55 ngwe kyar yan monastery in rangoon where some 200 monk be detain in the early morning two day earlier be report to have be loot by soldier . everything of value be say to have be remove include forty or more buddha statue and the head of one of the largest buddhas which contain valuable jewel . monk sentence to six year imprisonment rangoon mandalay locked down by troops irrawady news september 29 2007
40 maxwell-lyte sir henry 1892 the lytes of lytescary taunton reprint in proceedings of the somersetshire archaeological and natural history society 38 1-110 tait hugh 1986 catalogue of the waddesdon bequest in the british museum i the jewels london . lyte jewel
26 vanessa soon inform leo that he have to find and give she the diamond before she will release greenlee . in a panic leo find the jewel and race to the fall with trey . when vanessa refuse to release she hostage leo begin drop the priceless gem over the fall one by one . vanessa agree to do as he wish but actually plan to kill she hate enemy .
4 endeavour endeavour 2008 the jewel of techkriti encompass almost every field of engineering . endeavour symbolize the creative genius and passion to give a tangible form to a newborn idea . this event provide a platform to the bud mind of tomorrow to showcase their technical ingenuity .
52 frigyzstan another fictional union republic in the game heavy weapon usually refer to kyrgyzstan . khembalung buddhist himalayan country whose population move to an island in the science in the capital series by kim stanley robinson . kuristan from the movie mr. magoo central asian nation that be home to the famous jewel the star of kuristan . mandalia a kingdom in asia locate somewhere between india china and the soviet union from the 1986 german tv series kir royal . takistan a country in central asia from the computer game arma ii operation arrowhead .
49 islam and rugby on the rugby reader review retrieve 2nd july 2009 for example the argfu website continue to be in english only . however the emirs greatly interest by the phenomenon provide grounds and financial support . also buoy by the success of the hong kong sevens the jewel in the arabian crown dubai sevens be set up . which which be one of the premier rugby seven tournament and for a number of year a team have be send from here to the hong kong sevens . although rugby still continue to be dominate by white expatriate club the dubai sevens have encourage the set up of a number of arab team .
53 in an effort to strengthen its holding the spanish crown decide to grant title of nobility to much of the colonial aristocracy . this bestowing of royal grace make the recipient loyal to the crown and more assimilate to spanish aristocracy . no spanish colony receive as many grant of nobility as cuba jewel of the spanish empire .
89 the pillar be break year ago by lightning and as this be say to be the third time of its being strike it be think ominous to repair it . the temple be a plain structure about forty foot by twenty foot with a flat roofed hall or mandap support on three row of four pillar about eighteen inch square at the base and plain imitation of the early hindu style . the image-chamber or gabhara be square and contain an image of devus in black stone ornament with jewel and embroider apparel and display with much pomp by means of a mirror cast light upon it from outside . the courtyard be paved and immediately in front of the mandap be a stone embed in the pavement and contain vent make to receive coin to be lay in they for presentation to the goddess . a yearly fair be hold in she honour from kartik paurnima onward for 15 day when about 10,000 people attend .
60 in the 1920s and 1930s suburbanization reach beyond the western end of the island and long island begin the transformation from backwoods and farm to the paradigm of the american suburb . under its president robert moses the long island state park commission span the island with parkway and state park . jones beach be the most famous the crown jewel in moses state park system . long island quickly become new york city s retreat with million of people go to and from the city to the new state park . as the year wear on development start to follow the parkway and the railroad line with commuter town spring up first along the railroad then the roadway the southern state parkway the northern state parkway and from the 1960 on the long island expressway .
27 history transco be previously an integral part of the state-owned national power corporation create under the electric power industry reform act which describe transco as its crown jewel as a step to privatize the nation s electric industry electric power industry reform act .
23 kitson be personal pilot to the immensely wealthy former-nawab of tungabhadra in pakistan who be search the world for his family s heirloom jewel be steal by a british charter pilot during the partition of india . however the nawab be not the only one look for the miss jewel and be not the only one who would cheat steal or murder to find they first .
49 kitson be personal pilot to the immensely wealthy former-nawab of tungabhadra in pakistan who be search the world for his family s heirloom jewel be steal by a british charter pilot during the partition of india . however the nawab be not the only one look for the miss jewel and be not the only one who would cheat steal or murder to find they first .
60 the dowager empress maria feodorovna take the order of st . george egg with she when she travel to kiev in may 1916 thus avoid the october revolution . the russian provisional government force the dowager empress to travel to crimea from where she flee in 1919 on board hms marlborough maria feodorovna die in denmark in 1928 and she jewel be value at £100,000 by the jeweler r. g. hennel sons .
3 several of the jewel be acquire by queen mary and the sale raise £136,624 . the order of st . george egg be inherit by grand duchess xenia alexandrovna of russia and after she death in 1960 be sell at sotheby s for the equivalent of $ 30,910 to the fabergé company .
87 the hunchback of notre dame ii madellaine sarousch and the rest of their circus arrive in paris to perform their act but madellaine be not there for their opening due to the fact that she be practice walk the tightrope in she tent . sarousch visit she sternly remind she of she attempted theft year ago and force she to charm the bell-ringer of notre dame quasimodo into reveal the location of paris s most beloved bell la fidèle the inside of which be decorate with many jewel .
62 thyton be the leader of the shadow of the wind ninja clan in the village of the same name . in order to obtain the ninja class/armor the player must give thyton the item itchy itchy paradise thyton s favorite book . if the player choose to do thyton s quest instead of rhubarb s they give the wind orb call the jewel of four wind by the ninja to thyton for safekeeping . he consider it an ancestral treasure of his clan that can summon their strongest guardian .
29 although it be not say okuchi be think to be dead . he be once thyton s highest ranking ninja until he betray the village . he obtain the jewel of the four wind from drakath and use it to summon the guardian of the ninja village with the purpose of destroy the village not protect it . note this may create an apparent inconsistency with the information give in the entry for captain blackberry . this be because player character be suppose to choose whether they support the pirates or the ninja and complete one quest chain or the other .
1 tamamushi jewel beetle the final segment be base on a story by mariko koike and be direct by shinya tsukamoto . it star eri ishida ryo kase and kaoru kobayashi .
63 the tent dress normally solid striped polka dot or floral sometimes even a combination of print and be often in bright color which be not normally match together i .e . orange purple and neon green . they vary in sleeve length and dress length and can be greatly alter with fringe lace buttons particularly large one and even embellishment with large fake jewel or sequin and glitter . they be usually long sleeved fluffy sleeved or sleeveless . they be often wear with skinny jeans or leggings underneath as many tent dress be make short enough to where the crotch or underwear can be see .
8 kyung-sook after stop into the house notice some jewel and whisper then there must be a pumpkin wagon and red shoe somewhere . remind of the tale of cinderella and the tragic red shoe .
45 the sun and moon and cloud also form a simulacrum of the face of glory sanskrit kirtimukha . the triratna be represent by the stylized trefoil pattern upon the foundation of the throne that support he . the colored object in the foreground be wish-fulfilling jewel sanskrit cintamanus . in his left or prajna-hand at the level of the muladhara or one of the other three foundation khorlo be the urn of wisdom sanskrit bumpa which be one of the ashtamangala . the foundation of wisdom be an awareness of the base tibetan གཞ wylie gzhi a very important theological concept and locus of practice in tradition of dzogchen .
12 after vern schillinger s daughter-in-law carrie give birth to vern s granddaughter jewel african-american inmate curtis bennett look for schillinger at the cafeteria . he tell vern that he know hank and carrie and she be a prostitute and hank she pimp . he also say that probably jewel be not his granddaughter .
49 dew investigate the case together with inspectors walter dinnie and frank froest . they track johnson who by now be spend large amount of money to lodgings in london s south kensington . despite receive a seven year prison sentence johnson refuse to disclose the whereabouts of the duchess jewel and only £4,000 worth be ever recover . connell nicholas walter dew the man who caught crippen sutton publishing . 2006 p.55 ff .
3 january 12 th jewel
8 after the honourable phryne fisher solve a country-house jewel robbery in record time she be ask by colonel and mrs. andrews to look into the matter of their daughter in australia whom they fear may be be poison by she husband . have grow bored with english social life phryne be happy to have an excuse to put off make decision about she future for the next few month or so and promptly relocate to melbourne .
35 feature the museum feature display that tell the story of how the local celebration evolve from its early day to the modern tradition it have become . the queen s gallery house gown train and jewel wear by the queen of carnival . also on display be the attire of a 1920s flapper queen as well as costume of several jester of well-known parading society . the collection also include original mardi gras art and poster by various area artist doubloon tableau design and ball invitation .
60 tryman feign sickness and tempt she would-be exploiter with the bequest of she last will and testament . toby sneakup have recently win a place at court crasy masquerade as a court messenger to send false message back and forth among the character play on their greed and ambition . the talkative pyannet admit to have cheat crasy of valuable jewel the disguised crasy manage to reclaim they as they pass as intend bribe and gratuity .
22 the farmers and merchants union bank in columbus wisconsin also know as farmers and merchants union bank be the last of eight jewel box bank design by louis sullivan and the next to last of those be construct . history image of farmers and merchants union bank by louis sullivan
3 other louis sullivan jewel box henry adams building algona iowa 1913 home building association company newark ohio 1914
41 spit polish be the second solo album by tim rogers and the first to feature his back band the temperance union . the album be release on the april 26 2004 as a digipack and be later re-release in a standard jewel case . a vinyl lp be also press for sale at gig . fiction be release as a radio single .
67 he declare that the pope tell his master of ceremony that it cost two hundred thousand ducat . it survive the sack of rome through the accident of its be in a pawn shop at the time but be deliberately break up and refashion by pope pius vi see thurston in the burlington magazine for october 1895 . . foppa be believe to have design several pendant jewel but there be uncertainty respect his goldsmith s work and little can be attribute to he with authority .
50 froest investigate the case together with inspectors walter dinnie and walter dew . they track johnson who by now be spend large amount of money to lodgings in london s south kensington . despite receive a seven year prison sentence johnson refuse to disclose the whereabouts of the duchess s jewel and only £4,000 worth be ever recover . connell nicholas walter dew the man who caught crippen sutton publishing . 2006 p.55 ff .
46 the action be natural to the setting a fenced deer-park with a castle and town in the distance . harington hold a wound stag by the antler as henry draw his sword to deliver the coup de grâce . the prince wear at his belt a jewel of st george slay the dragon an allusion to his role as defender of the realm . his sword be an attribute of kingship and the young noble kneel in his service . kitson british painting 1600–1800 13 .
21 killer clue andrew return with the necklace catherine from the murder video . it be the wilmington jewel but the center jewel be miss .
27 day 1 search the flood grain store . hidden test keep search until they find the clue . day 2 visit tony wilmington ask about the wilmington jewel . hidden test find out if copy of tony s tape conversation with catherine exist . result fail the team do not ask if there be copy .
2 sportellida or jewel box be a family of marine bivalve clam of the order veneroida .
8 the town come to be call the brightest jewel in the english crown owe to its great importance as the gateway for the tin lead cloth and wool trade or staple . its custom revenue amount at time to a third of the english government s revenue with wool be the most important element by far . of its population of about 12,000 people as many as 5,400 be record as have be connect with the wool trade .
4 name for the great jewel of the j.r.r. tolkien tale silmaril be one of only five maryland-bred mare to ever reach the million dollar mark in total earnings on the racetrack . she be retire back to she owner breed facility in maryland on january 12 2008 .
10 conan and the jewels of gwahlur mini-sery and collection adapt jewel of gwahlur the servants of bit-yakin
4 tiara papal tiara crown jewel list of royal crownsreferences summary license
15 the book on the siam society under royal patronage smithsonian magazine passing note smithsonian magazine jewel of the jungle
6 frog pond 223956 hidden pond 225249 jewel lake 226225 lafayette reservoir 226751 lafayette reservoir leland reservoir 227018
18 notre-dame de pibèque a regional pilgrimage centre with a miraculous source . the splendid little church be a jewel and date from the fifteenth century . in the surroundings of castelnau d'auzan the bastide of bretagne-d'armagnac.
78 in the late 1950 angela attenborough be a young bored housewife live a comfortable but tedious existence marry to phillip she doctor husband . three strangely dress personage appear to she in the wood one day and confer upon she a rare disk capable of alter probability wave through the power of thought alone . follow a series of misadventure over the next several year angela rid herself of phillip and embark upon a career as a parisian jewel thief . when a heist go awry she be rescue and transport out of time itself by the same motley garb crew she encounter previously include a woman she identify as a future version of herself .
7 consider by many as viva films crown jewel the popular pair of singer sharon cuneta and regal films star gabby concepcion who be marry in 1984 and later separate star in the first viva movie p.s. i love you . the movie be direct by veteran actor/director eddie garcia .
53 when the young man be unable to tell miaka where yui be miaka doggedly follow he demand he help she search . after she loudly accuse he of sell yui and be a slave trader the embarrassed man stop to talk . see the imperial procession nearby the young man remark that one jewel from the emperor s crown would make he rich so miaka run up to the palanquin and ask if she can have a jewel . she trip and grab one of the cloth decoration to catch herself rip it . the guard attack she for dishonor the emperor but the young man rescue she use a smoke bomb .
77 when the young man be unable to tell miaka where yui be miaka doggedly follow he demand he help she search . after she loudly accuse he of sell yui and be a slave trader the embarrassed man stop to talk . see the imperial procession nearby the young man remark that one jewel from the emperor s crown would make he rich so miaka run up to the palanquin and ask if she can have a jewel . she trip and grab one of the cloth decoration to catch herself rip it . the guard attack she for dishonor the emperor but the young man rescue she use a smoke bomb .
52 ge xuan state that if we want to gain control of ourselves we must first control our wander mind . ge xuan be recognize as the true supreme immortal when his script be pass onto his great-nephew ge hong . although ge hong begin compose the ling-pao ching classic of the sacred jewel about 379 ce he claim that they have be first reveal to his own ancestor ge xuan robinet 1997 p . 80 . ge xuan write a book in which his notion be uncover . furthermore in daoism ge xuan be call the perfect sovereign and protector in correspondence with the eternal dao bokenkamp 2008 p . 444 .
50 furthermore in daoism ge xuan be call the perfect sovereign and protector in correspondence with the eternal dao bokenkamp 2008 p . 444 . in addition common individual address he as the immortal elder ge of the supreme ultimate . ge hong allege the ling-pao ching classic of the sacred jewel at about 379 ce. ge xuan s script be give the recognition because of his nephew s success in writing .
41 naga bracelet and bangle be exquisite . saw from the wide end of tusk then shape and stain to bring out the superb grain of the ivory and rub for lifetime against wearer skin until the inner edge take on a jewel like transparency . shells be inseparable part of naga culture and they have use they to make different ornament .
58 the arrogance which the duchess have inherit from she mother be well know . on the occasion of the double marriage 9 july 1713 of the duke of bourbon to marie anne de bourbon mademoiselle de conti and of the prince of conti to louise Élisabeth de bourbon mademoiselle de bourbon she appear cover with all the crown jewel which the king have lend she and which dangeau declare to have be worth at this period more than eighteen million livre . citation need
14 synopsis film in a typical forties style it tell a story of a curse jewel which have be steal and eventually everyone who try to possess it get kill
62 sahitya akademi 1987 p 413 they cover a wide range of theme include patriotism love of nature conjugal love transcendental experience and sympathy for the poor . the sakhigeetha be an autobiographical poem about his married life and personal experience . murthy 1992 p 173 bendre have swear that in his poetry he would rather sow star in kannada soil than brillian jewel . sahitya akademi 1987 p 792
2 cd single jewel case # sleep radio edit 3:43 # sleep tee s radio mix 3:58
58 the eastern shore be know to have be inhabit since pre-historic time when beacon there be ignite to warn when hostile ship approach . a man who guard the strait be call a vörðr which give the bay and various location surround it their name . a treasure from the 10th century find there contain arabian coin and jewel so apparently the bay be important for navigation . the mansion of vårby gård be build in the 18th century and encompass most of the area west of the bay . all the mansion s building include greenhouse with exotic tree and bush have be demolish but part of the garden be still use for allotment garden .
21 1986 cassette in regular cassette box mi-mort mm005c 1989 12 2000 black vinyl in regular sleeve maldoror mal123 1992 cd in jewel case durtro durtro009cd
23 1985 cassette in regular cassette box mi-mort mm6 1988 12 black vinyl in regular sleeve 2nd press l.a.y.l.a.h. antirecords lay8 1988 cd in jewel case l.a.y.l.a.h. antirecords laycd8 1995 cd in jewel case durtro durtro027cd
23 1988 12 black vinyl in regular sleeve 2nd press l.a.y.l.a.h. antirecords lay8 1988 cd in jewel case l.a.y.l.a.h. antirecords laycd8 1995 cd in jewel case durtro durtro027cd
20 blue cow meet a hamster paper blue cow and the hockey team the number five blue cow go to hawaii jewel blue cow go on holiday rockpools blue cow and the handkerchief out of sort
42 both cd kula cd3 and kula cd3k be house in card picture sleeve . the second cd have a print spine and also contain an inner sleeve much like a vinyl lp. the first edition of tattva come in a standard slimline jewel case .
52 the people of easter company refer to he as gozen although it be reveal that his real name be hikaru in the much later chapter . gozen promise the company employee a successful career if they can present he the embryo . accord to the manga he wish for a rare one-of-a-kind jewel thus easter s search for the embryo . in chapter 40 it be reveal that gozen be the little boy to whom amu give a taiyakus and appear many other time mysteriously . this little boy hikaru be unique in that he do not have a heart s egg in he like almost all child .
32 # in our sleep 2:34 laurie anderson/lou reed from bright red # night in baghdad 3:28 from bright red # the night flight from houston 1:33 from the ugly one with the jewel # the rotowhirl 3:54 from the ugly one with the jewel # the ouija board 4:11 from the ugly one with the jewel
32 # night in baghdad 3:28 from bright red # the night flight from houston 1:33 from the ugly one with the jewel # the rotowhirl 3:54 from the ugly one with the jewel # the ouija board 4:11 from the ugly one with the jewel # the end of the world 5:00 from the ugly one with the jewel
36 # the night flight from houston 1:33 from the ugly one with the jewel # the rotowhirl 3:54 from the ugly one with the jewel # the ouija board 4:11 from the ugly one with the jewel # the end of the world 5:00 from the ugly one with the jewel
36 # the rotowhirl 3:54 from the ugly one with the jewel # the ouija board 4:11 from the ugly one with the jewel # the end of the world 5:00 from the ugly one with the jewel
20 for all or nothing and i found someone cher wear a bronze and gold sultan themed outfit cover in gold jewel and sequin . she have long gold tassel that hang from she arm and mid-section . she hair be a large curly red wig and have a gold forehead crown attach .
29 for half-breed cher wear a native american feathered headdress over she trademark long straight black hair with a pink yellow orange and red floor length loin cloth cover in jewel .
19 for gypsys tramps thieves and dark lady cher wear a purple yellow and green gypsy style dress cover with jewel a heart a star a club a moon and a diamond . she wear a matching headdress .
32 for the close number believe there be two outfit . the first outfit she wear for she first leg of concert in may . she wear a silver-and-white costume with feather and jewel resemble a goddess . the costume have wing that hang down from both arm and a platinum blond/white wig with bang in the front . the wig bump up on top of she head and be long in the back with a goddess crown .
42 the halo on riza be often more elaborate than on the original icon . rizas for icon of the theotokos mother of god often have a crown on they . the robe wear by the subject often be adorn with pearl or jewel . usually a riza cover the entire surface of the icon except for the face and hand but sometimes especially in older specimen the riza cover only the halo call a venet . sometimes the riza include a stylize torc or gorget neck ring call a tsa in russian .
12 format standard release . the normal release of skor-piony house in a jewel case include two additional remix track . limited edition . limited edition package in a slipcase and four-panel digipak include a separate dvd contain skor-piony music video and a photo gallery of two photo session .
2 the crown jewel of hesse value at 250 million dollar be steal by us force in 1945 from the castle before be break up and sell in switzerland . though part of the treasure be still miss some have be return .
21 contents like its predecessor the cd singles 88-91 each disc be house in a card picture sleeve rather than a slimline jewel case . the sleeve for hold on to your friends replicate the gatefold sleeve of the original 12-inch single . passion just like mine
36 disgrace in a stunning reversal of his private fortune a report on the finances of the monte di pietà make by vincenzo pericoli in 1847 have already uncover some troubling irregularity . he pawn his antique jewel and successively other part of the collection . works be interrupt at vignola s grand villa at frascati which be be ready to receive the campana collection but he could not resist purchase twenty-two classicising fresco element paint by baldassare peruzzi for the villa stati-mattei as late as 1856 . the metropolitan museum of art acc .
28 the jewelpets ジュエルペット juwerupetto be very special animal character create by sanrio in 2008 . sanrio . . each of the animal be name after famous birthstone and jewel such as kōraku name ruby in the anime the japanese rabbit sapphire the cavalier king charles spaniel garnet the persian cat and so on total up to 33 character . they each have a different kind of sparkling jewel for their eye use for cast special magic call jewel flash . accord to fiction they belong to magician and live in a mystical place call jewel land attend a school to learn more about magic and each of they be pair by their own human partner .
52 sanrio . . each of the animal be name after famous birthstone and jewel such as kōraku name ruby in the anime the japanese rabbit sapphire the cavalier king charles spaniel garnet the persian cat and so on total up to 33 character . they each have a different kind of sparkling jewel for their eye use for cast special magic call jewel flash . accord to fiction they belong to magician and live in a mystical place call jewel land attend a school to learn more about magic and each of they be pair by their own human partner .
37 we have hear your declaration and perceive your care of our estate . i do assure you there be no prince that love his subject better or whose love can countervail our love . there be no jewel be it of never so rich a price which i set before this jewel i mean your love . for i do esteem it more than any treasure or riches for that we know how to prize but love and thanks i count invaluable . and though god have raise i high yet this i count the glory of my crown that i have reign with your love .
51 we have hear your declaration and perceive your care of our estate . i do assure you there be no prince that love his subject better or whose love can countervail our love . there be no jewel be it of never so rich a price which i set before this jewel i mean your love . for i do esteem it more than any treasure or riches for that we know how to prize but love and thanks i count invaluable . and though god have raise i high yet this i count the glory of my crown that i have reign with your love .
53 the youngest and nicest of their number be dopey who tick tock accidentally designate as she new master upon she reboot . they be very protective of their beer and be thus very enraged with mara when to anger they she drink a good portion of it . they also love gold and jewel with a passion make it their job to mine for they every day . even stranger they have no fear whatsoever for the witch of the south . their name be sneezy sleepy grumpy happy bashful doc and dopey .
38 in addition to their social dancing dean and jewel appear together as dancer in film of the era . they be partner for 11 year and they be often call the fred and ginger of lindy hop . jewel be especially know for she hip swivel which remain admire and unrivaled to this day .
11 it come in two format a regular cd in a super jewel case and a deluxe digipak edition . the limited edition will feature two bonus track the price and the rain but do not feature the hidden track no danger .
114 in the middle of his eternal samsara his true form lurk in the coffin and he repeatedly throw firefly shape knife from within . his true form be a large bald man with big ear and he dominate momo with his venus of ishtar and agony of oedipus technique but when momo see a photo of edajima that fall from the bag jaki have give he and become rile he be defeat in a come from behind victory . after the fight end he feel in debt to momo for risk his life to save he when their battleground collapse and as proof of their friendship he give momo his tutankhamun s tear forehead jewel . after the tournament conclude he enroll in otokojuku . from the battle of the seven tusks on he be a comical character .
21 in addition to perform classic piece of chamber orchestra repertoire new century commission important new work breathe life into rarely hear jewel of the past perform world premiere and bring piece from other genre such as jazz and rock into the chamber orchestra setting . new century s mission be to bring outstanding chamber orchestra performance to bay area community . they perform in intimate venue with excellent acoustic great sightline and welcome atmosphere in four city berkeley palo alto san francisco and san rafael .
78 king carlos iii of spain try in 1764 to bring back a law of 1734 by his father king felipe v of spain whereby even thief operate in madrid copuld be try and execute even if there be no assassination involve in the thieving . the royal council point out to he that either victim or witness would default collaboration with justice by the general popular feeling that the punishment could be disproportionate with people rob only money jewel etc . while save the life of the person be rob . the king wsa thus oblige to keep his idea on public order to himself and/or educate listener .
52 terry pender transition team name sudbury star 27 january 2000 a1 . he support the board s decision to merge sudbury hydro capreol hydro and nickel centre hydro and say the board make the right decision in not sell the utility to ontario hydro one . harold carmichael new city s crown jewel sudbury star 11 october 2000 a1 .
33 darius darry guppy bear 1964 be a british expatriate who together with benedict marsh be convict of fraud theft and false accounting in february 1993 . guppy be jail for stage a faked jewel robbery and claim £1.8 million from the insurer part of london s lloyd s insurance market . boston globe . february 14 1993 . .
21 albums make after the death of peyo with help from his son thierry culliford 17 . le schtroumpfeur de bijoux the jewel smurfer le lombard 11/1994 isbn 2-8036-1098-1 18 . docteur schtroumpf doctor smurf le lombard 10/1996 isbn 2-80361-945-8
57 137 4-26 there be always room for one less chatsworth come to live with the gillises . 138 4-27 the general cried at dawn on vacation in latin america maynard substitute for his look-alike general ramon rubero . 139 4-28 now i lay i down to steal while stay at osborne manor sleepwalker maynard become a suspected jewel thief . 140 4-29 lassie get lost starlet valentine van loon offer a $ 500 reward for the return of she dog boo-boo . guest joyce van patten .
48 plot summary billy and sheena deep be back and once again visit their marine biologist uncle dr. d. he be search for a sunken pirate ship the scarlet skull which vanish in a black cloud back in the 1780 along with million of dollar worth of gold and jewel . while onboard their submarine the deep diver the trio pass through a black cloud themselves which cause a temporary loss of power and somehow relocate dr. d away from the submarine . after he vanish the sub crash into a ship that turn out to be the scarlet skull and be promptly attack by zombie pirate .
5 roger then touch a red jewel in the shape of a skull on the treasure chest only to find that it be a trap both he and goldy be turn to ash by it . with the two pirate go billy and sheena return to their boat and then to the cassandra dr. d s boat .
2 return of jewel thief 1996 as ram sethi
17 the name first come into wide use for girl in the late victorian era along with other jewel name . ruby be a currently popular name in english-speaking country . it be the second most popular name give to baby girl in england and wales in 2007 be the 26th most popular name give to baby girl bear in scotland in 2007 be the 17th most popular name give to baby girl bear in new south wales australia in 2007 and be the 113th most popular name give to baby girl bear in the united states in 2008 .
26 episc. i iii 11 . . its material be not prescribe by the rubric . it be sometimes make of precious metal adorn with enamel and jewel of wood paint gilt emboss and often set with crystal or of cloth of gold velvet or silk embroider and occasionally enrich with pearl but it be usually of the same material as that of the sacred vestment . it be evidently intend as an ornament of the altar rubr . gen . miss. tit . .
50 the next three year of the title featured numerous adaptation of howard story many by the art team of buscema and alcala include shadows in zamboula the devil in iron the people of the black circle the slithering shadow the pool of the black one the tower of the elephant jewel of gwahlur beyond the black river the scarlet citadel the flame knife hawks over shem the treasure of tranicos and wolves beyond the border .
3 ‘wildlife of iran jewel of the south ’
17 minor villainskyle katz a villain who only appear in one episode . he be the most devious jewel thief . he be cute clever and polite . he be a thief that woohp have never catch he nearly steal all the most valuable jewel in the world .
31 he be the most devious jewel thief . he be cute clever and polite . he be a thief that woohp have never catch he nearly steal all the most valuable jewel in the world . the girl really like he he be good at deceive woman . he know all about woohp jerry and the spy for unknown reason .
18 milan stilton an evil materialistic heiress and the fifth richest person in the world who possess pink object jewel hair etc. and a robotic dog henchman name fufu who also possess pink object . in evil heiress much she want to become the richest being in the world by kidnap the other top four richest people who be richer than she . she be an obvious parody of paris hilton .
45 history the complex open on 27 july 1896 with the introduction of herr meyer lutz s grand band and under the astute management of henry hague prove to be an enormous success with the spa theatre and the glass dome for ballroom dancing be the jewel in the crown . people could stay all day for sixpence . on the evening of 20 october 1906 at around 9 p.m. a fire break out .
58 jane be capture by queen la of opar take to that hidden city and be to be make a sacrifice . tarzan rescue she and they escape . nikolas rokoff and william cecil clayton the usurper to tarzan s title of lord greystoke learn that jane have a map to the city which contain fabulous riches in exotic jewel tattooed onto she back . they kidnap she and attempt to loot the city . tarzan brave many peril finally rescue jane defeat the villain and escape la s amorous clutch .
3 j james river jewel cave 2nd longest cave in the world
36 clemency hallinan bear november 5 1990 be an english actress recently see in a fairly budget muller advert and e4 s the inbetweener . she sister olivia be quote say clemency be one of the untapped jewel of our acting prestige just wait to blossom and with she vast charitable portfolio the world be she oyster
51 scientific amusements for young people rené dagron modify the lens by keep one curved end to refract light while section the other end flat and locate it at the focal plane of the curved side . the strad dagron use the modify stanhope lens in mount his microscopic picture in photographic jewel know as stanhopes .
29 83-7 people gift lamp to priest . the lamp be keep throughout the night in house and shiva temple . this day be also know as kartik diparatna the jewel of lamp in kartik . light be also float in minature boat in river . light be place under tulsi sacred fig and amla tress .
5 vanessa del rio nikita denise jewel de'nyle debi diamond ben dover
14 parentinggracchus boy with mother cornelia proclaim to rich lady with jewerly these be my jewel . another example of valerius theme be where he write story about roman parent and the affection they have toward their child . a story in book 4 chapter 4 on poverty be about the gracchus brother gaius gracchus and his younger brother tiberius gracchus .
55 the story relate how one day cornelia africana their mother daughter of publius cornelius scipio africanus be pester by a lady guest that be show off she elegant jewellery . cornelia patiently endure this lady until she son come home from school . then introduce they to this lady she proclaim proudly these be my jewel . walker p . 138
8 the miyota 8215 be a non-hacking twenty-one 21 jewel movement with a unidirectional wind system left rotation with an accuracy of 20 to +40 seconds per day and a power reserve of over 40 hour . the diameter of the movement be 26 mm and the thickness be 5.67 mm . it beat at 21,600 bph.
25 there be two multiplayer mode race player compete to finish an original frogger-style level in the fastest time jewel duel player compete to claim a jewel
19 when she win the miss universo uruguay 2008 pageant she receive us$ 10.000 a motorcycle a ticket to miami jewel and beauty treatment . in may díaz receive an integral preparation in colombia for she participation in miss universe 2008 .
11 neal mccoy in concert 2006 notorious cherry bombs special 2004 origins jewel 2008 origins miranda lambert 2008 origins phil vassar 2008
35 opal be a feminine give name derive from the name of the gemstone opal . the gemstone be the birthstone for october . its name be derive from the sanskrit उपल or upala which mean jewel . behind the name it come into use along with other gemstone name during the late victorian era .
24 chepstow town council website on the museum caldicot website feature on chepstow museum 19 page of artifact associate with chepstow hold on gather the jewel the website of welsh cultural history
69 one have never see anything lovelier in the world . beside the beauty of she face and she well-turned body she be superbly dress and fantastically valuable jewellery adorn she attire . she lovely face shone with faultless white skin and she hair be dress with big white pearl precious stone and extremely rare diamond shape like stars—one could say that she natural beauty and the shimmering of she jewel compete with a brilliant night sky full of star so to speak . quoted in frieda 280 .
58 anne have three child by she husband henry edward and anne . when king henry take as his fourth wife anne of cleves anne return to she role as maid-of-honour which she remain in when queen anne be supplant by catherine howard . follow queen catherine s arrest for adultery anne parr be entrust with the queen s jewel . martienssen page137
15 physically goddess annapurna be describe as hold a golden ladle adorn with various kind of jewel in she right hand and a vessel full of delicious porridge in she left . she be seat on a throne and in some depiction lord shiva be show stand to she right with a begging bowl beg she for alms
55 commercial release due to popular demand virgin/emi release the cd in the u.s. on october 14 2008 . bowienet july 15 2008 news url access july 15 2008 david bowie digs into his catalog for new compilation it be identical to the one release by the mail on sunday except it come in a standard jewel case and the booklet contain the song-by-song comment that be publish in the newspaper .
65 michel ynoa bear september 24 1991 dominican republic be a dominican-american pitcher who be commonly know as michael inoa . ynoa be sign with the oakland athletics for the amount of 4.25 million dollar settle a new record for the a s organization after lefty pitcher mark mulder be sign for 3.2 million in 1998 . ynoa be name the number one and the crown jewel in the best latino prospects of 2008 . espn website . access july 2 2008 .
15 the album be release in several format . the standard edition be issue in a jewel case and include the 10 album track and a bonus track . edguy official web 2008-08-13 . .
101 in 2002 the london evening standard in a music review entitle new star from russia have the follow word about valentina igoshina harrod s deliver a new piano star to the south bank last night for the international piano series which it sponsor . it unwrap a beautiful 23-year-old russian girl who be a model of control and calmness as she perform beethoven s lebewohl sonata opus 81a in e flat in front of a full house . she ping out the top note as if hit a counter-bell tickle forth inner part with a firm persuasive touch and trill glint jewel ....she be a wonderfully compact player beautifully efficient in she movement end and begin the number of chopin s preludes op 28 in one gesture etch the mood with the lightest hand . evening standard london january 2002
31 we need protection be a top ten single in many mainland europe country . the original version feature terence trent d'arby be never commercially release and be now a seek after jewel in the world of record collector .
20 subsequently dean adams curtis lead a movement for employee democracy at the hughes aircraft company which be then the crown jewel of the united states military-industrial-complex . hughes aircraft be own by the howard hughes medical institute hhmi after be donate to the institute by howard hughes who by the time of the employee democracy movement have be decease for several year . the hughes employee democracy association that curtis found be join by hundred of hughes aircraft employee and be support by a legal team include former hughes corporate attorney and alan morrison a law professor at harvard and head of the public citizen litigation group .
14 canada 2010 anticipate the g8 summit prime minister harper explain that huntsville be a jewel in the canadian shield and an ideal location for this gathering of world leader . when the g8 meet in ontario in 2010 harper say our international guest will be charm by the uniquely canadian beauty of the region . muskoka to host 2010 g8 summit in huntsville ontario 400 eleven .
37 some time later the fleet of the avars be destroy . janin p . 170 . the khan of the avar afterwards say that he have be frighten by the vision of a young woman adorn with jewel scour the wall . janin p . 170 .
16 but then come beauty and the beast release in 1991 often consider to be the crown jewel of not just the disney renaissance but of all the disney animated film the film archives.com . . it be nominate for best picture at the oscars something which no other animate feature have do before or since although it lose out to the silence of the lambs .
36 the three disc on this compilation be the original pressing of the legend of chin new way to be human and learn to breathe . the original booklet and artwork be also include in the double jewel case that house the entire collection . switchfoot revisit early year nov. 2nd publish october 2004 retrieve july 17 2008
12 reference external links clwyd-powys archaeological trust information on y gaer gathering the jewel maiden stone find at y gaer brecon roman britain y gaer brecon cicucium
3 jessica darlin dee jewel de'nyle bridgette kerkove shelbee myne
3 chloe nikita denise jewel de'nyle bridgette kerkove monique
4 calli cox nikita denise jewel de'nyle jessica drake devinn lane
5 jessica darlin olivia del rio jewel de'nyle bridgette kerkove devinn lane
10 1974 runnin roman 1973 do not ask i that 1972 jewel prince 1971 coco la terreur 1970 kamakura
4 construction of the crown jewel of mean green village unt s new football stadium new north texas mean green stadium which will replace fouts field will begin in 2009 or 2010 with an estimate competion date before the start of the 2011 football season . the new stadium will seat 30-35,000 fan will have 24 luxury box and will be build to be expandable to 50,000 . it will also be the nation first green ie .
69 influence on tolkienj. r. r. tolkien author of the hobbit and lord of the rings be know to have read the marvellous land of snergs to his child . he say i should like to record my own love and my child s love of e. a. wyke-smith s marvellous land of snergs at any rate of the snerg-element of that tale and of gorbo the gem of dunderhead jewel of a companion in an escapade . the annotated hobbit isbn 0618134700 at www .houghtonmifflinbooks .com the similarity between the race of snerg and hobbit have lead to speculation that the book be a major inspiration .
32 plot in vienna baroness teri von horhenfels kay francis relieve the boredom of she marriage to she rich but dull husband henry kolker with love affair . one day at an exclusive jewel shop to purchase a diamond ring she tedium be lift by a suave charming thief william powell and his gang . in turn he be entrance by she beauty . he lock she husband and she latest lover paul hardie albright of whom she have already tire in the vault and force shop owner hollander lee kohlmar to smoke a special cigarette that soon make he forget his trouble .
62 his first contact with the music be at six year old when he take piano lesson in which he never be good leave . while a schoolboy he form a band . after leave they he join a local manchester pub rock band idiot rouge alongside neil cossar later of power pop band the cheaters and nick simpson later frontman of 23 jewel .
6 the warehouse store be the crown jewel of our operation . with over 40,000 label of wine spirit liqueur beer and finer food spec s indeed fill all 80,000 square foot of sell space . our walk-in cigar humidor offer over 900 cigar more than many tobacconist store .
20 most hip hop mixtape be professionally package with a press cd and artwork and be often house in the full jewel case most retail album come in . hip hop mixtape be usually sell on the street give out at the artist live show at store that sell cd ex . hmv future shop and even wal mart through independent record dealer or mail order .
50 regulation on the use of personal property fall under intellectual property company law trust and commercial law . an example of a basic case of most property law be armory v delamirie . armory v delamirie 1722 93 er 664 1 strange 505 a chimney sweep s boy find a jewel encrust with precious stone . he take it to a goldsmith to have it value . the goldsmith s apprentice look at it sneakily remove the stone tell the boy it be worth three halfpenny and that he would buy it .
44 he take it to a goldsmith to have it value . the goldsmith s apprentice look at it sneakily remove the stone tell the boy it be worth three halfpenny and that he would buy it . the boy say he would prefer the jewel back so the apprentice give it to he but without the stone . the boy sue the goldsmith for his apprentice s attempt to cheat he . lord chief justice pratt rule that even though the boy could not be say to own the jewel he should be consider the rightful keeper finders keeper until the original owner be find .
52 the boy say he would prefer the jewel back so the apprentice give it to he but without the stone . the boy sue the goldsmith for his apprentice s attempt to cheat he . lord chief justice pratt rule that even though the boy could not be say to own the jewel he should be consider the rightful keeper finders keeper until the original owner be find . in fact the apprentice and the boy both have a right of possession in the jewel a technical concept mean evidence that something could belong to someone but the boy s possessory interest be consider better because it could be show to be first in time . possession may be nine tenth of the law but not all .
63 the boy sue the goldsmith for his apprentice s attempt to cheat he . lord chief justice pratt rule that even though the boy could not be say to own the jewel he should be consider the rightful keeper finders keeper until the original owner be find . in fact the apprentice and the boy both have a right of possession in the jewel a technical concept mean evidence that something could belong to someone but the boy s possessory interest be consider better because it could be show to be first in time . possession may be nine tenth of the law but not all .
54 gibbon note that helena s pregnancy have be several time fruitless and be at last fatal to herself . gibbon use as his source another work by libanius a very weak apology to justify his hero julian from a very absurd charge of poison his wife and reward she physician with his mother s jewel . #fn 961 edward gibbon the history of the decline and fall of the roman empire vol . 2 chapter 22 note 21 an entry of the liber pontificalis the one cover pope liberius mention helena be a devout christian and an adherent of the nicene creed .
52 carolina guerra bear 1986 or 1987 be a colombian model actress and television presenter choose in 2005 to represent the nation s capital as miss bogotá . she win a Škoda fabia hatchback 25 million peso with which to prepare for the national beauty competition in cartagena a gold tiara and a jewel . carolina guerra elegida señorita bogotá 2005 spanish
15 herb jeffries 1996 with michael martin murphey waylon jennings 1985 1990 1997 with kris kristofferson jewel 2000 jim and jesse 1986 with bill monroe 1997 classic encore flaco jimenez 1976 1980 1995 1999 mexican roots music
57 she future husband be expect to become the ruler of tuscany as his half brother luis be the heir to the throne of spain be his father first son . the dowry much like she older sister the princess of asturias at 400,000 ecus give by the king of france 40,000 by she father and 50,000 in jewel by the king of spain . there be also many gift from the king louis xv. the regent and the
67 in 1332 he be task with investigate breaker of the kings peace in staffordshire and in 1335 he be appoint to investigate the activity of administrator in the west midlands . he be knight in 1336 and on march 18 1337 he become a justice of the english court of common pleas . in august 1338 he be task with enquire as to the fate of the jewel and plate of edmund fitzalan 9th earl of arundel who have be execute in 1326 and in 1340 he work as a tax assessor and collector in worcestershire and gloucestershire . in 1341 he be make chief justice of the common plea to replace sir john stonor who have be remove follow a purge of the administration . stonor be return to his position in 1342 however and hillary be instead make a puisne justice .
35 so rather than deal with manufacture cd copy and insert and everything we decide to go directly to itune and include the album artwork as a pdf that you can download and insert into a jewel case if you decide to burn the track to cd.
50 this be think to be where the eye piece be find . the album s title come from a lyric in the song evelyn which the band feel suit the cover photo . the say track may have be consider for a single as garth consider it like our little jewel in our back pocket we be go to bring out later . wright james flybanger talk headtrips shoutweb.com 2001 .
43 the tassel attach to the upper center of both front and back be mostly red in color and the string connect from both side be all flat braid . however some ayam wear by kisaeng be very luxuriously adorn with big and sumptuous jewel such as jade amber or orpiment on the tassel of both side .
53 annie shea arrive in bayport only to run in to she old boyfriend phil . the hardys then get word that annie and phil be both involve in a major gem heist and that joe be be blame for murder annie be then kidnap and take to the home of cutter an infamous jewel thief . they must prove joe s innocence and solve the case before thing turn ugly .
77 confine to his room spanky fall asleep and in his dream argue with his inner self who advise he to disobey his mother and join the rest of the gang in their search for buried treasure . in the dream spanky do join the gang in a nearby cave actually a spooky standing set leave over from the 1934 laurel and hardy feature babe in toyland . though the kid miraculously unearth a fortune in gold and jewel their triumph nearly turn to disaster when they encounter a surly giant play by 7'6 tex madsen . during the height of the trouble spanky then wake up from his dream and the gang ask if he be go to the cave and spanky punch his inner self and the story end .
28 # endless love – diana ross lionel richie # tonight s the night gonna be alright – rod stewart # foolish games you be meant for i – jewel # everything i do i do it for you – bryan adams # i'll make love to you – boyz ii man
103 concerto be the 31st album by michael nyman release in 1997 feature three concerto commission from nyman the mazda-sponsored double concerto for saxophone and cello feature john harle and julian lloyd webber the harpsichord concerto for elisabeth chojnacka and the concerto for trombone and orchestra for christian lindberg . the album be intend as the first in a series of nyman recording as it read nyman edition no1 concertos on the emi label but nyman s only other release on emi until the actor in 2003 the suit and the photograph do not have such designation . the album debuted when completely clear jewel case be just come in and the inside back cover be colored solid red with the series designation in the left area that be previously hide by the tray . the suit and the photograph however be package in a standard grey-black tray . say nyman of emi i do not excite they and they do not excite i .
50 the sword make in longquan longquanjian be famous among kung fu society in china . modern sword production be now lead by a workshop name shenguanglong whose swords-making history could be trace back to the twentieth year of guangxu in qing dynasty . whereas longquan porcelain longquanyao be a porcelain jewel in the eye of collection society . longquanyao have 1800 year history and unfortunately disappear during qing dynasty . although most owner of chinese sword and porcelain do not know it there be a good chance that product be produce in longquan .
26 new weapon have also be add sling-shot weapon paddle . armor and weaponry may now level up on their own through battling . also a new jewel system replace the ability-equip system in the past game where player may now add jewel to weapon with enough slot to add extra ability . jewel range from as simple as attack-up to more complex form that even allow the player to break the usual level cap for the equipment piece .
41 new weapon have also be add sling-shot weapon paddle . armor and weaponry may now level up on their own through battling . also a new jewel system replace the ability-equip system in the past game where player may now add jewel to weapon with enough slot to add extra ability . jewel range from as simple as attack-up to more complex form that even allow the player to break the usual level cap for the equipment piece .
42 armor and weaponry may now level up on their own through battling . also a new jewel system replace the ability-equip system in the past game where player may now add jewel to weapon with enough slot to add extra ability . jewel range from as simple as attack-up to more complex form that even allow the player to break the usual level cap for the equipment piece .
48 in a concert on may 8 2008 the program for a live performance of the work at cadogan hall be withdraw on the grounds that they contain obscene content . the u.s. release of the album have a very large parental advisory explicit content sticker directly on the jewel case an extreme rarity in classical music share with john moran s the manson family which be quickly withdraw and become a collectible .
55 the true treasure meanwhile find hide in a stork s nest be more lightweight a small sack full of jewellery which the french officer presumably loot in russia and whose worth be more than enough to provide for the professor and his family . in the book s final sentence adam look from the glitter jewel to wanda s eye and find they more precious than all treasure in the world .
26 after a two-year hiatus winchester speedway owner charlie shaw track promoter r.j scott and glenn luckett and the champion racing association resurrect one of the crown jewel of pavement short track racing with the running of the 35th winchester 400 . toc come from a lap down scott hantz of angola indiana win the 35th annual ed martin auto group winchester 400 on the famous high banks of winchester speedway .
52 zaslaw pp . 17 20 three lose symphony identify in the köchel catalogue of mozart s work only by their incipit first few bar of music may also have originate from the london period . zaslaw pp . 28 29 other work compose by wolfgang in london include several instrumental sonata the jewel of which accord to hildesheimer be the c major sonata for piano four hand k.19d . hildesheimer p . 33 he also write his first vocal work the motet god be our refuge k.20 and the tenor aria va dal furor porta k.21 . blom p . 26 a set of the sonata with extra flute and cello part be dedicate to queen charlotte at she request and present to she with an appropriate inscription in january 1765 .
0 jewel of the sahara be a 2001 film star gerard butler clifford david as the old francois renard and peter franzén as the young francois renard . ‘jewel of the sahara’ be comedy short fantasy film direct by ariel vromen . he also write the screenplay be the executive producer and edit the film .
2 external links jewel of the sahara at the internet movie database graveyard alive at rotten tomatoes
11 urdlen be worship in underground cavern . sacrifice of blood and jewel be make to it annually . its holy day be the winter solstice .
35 dalí-joies be a permanent exhibition at the dalí theatre-museum in figueres for which the architect Òscar tusquets have completely refurbish a building annex to the museum . the two floor that house the collection of jewel have an entrance independent from that of the museum and can therefore be visit separately . the exhibition include the thirty-seven jewel in gold and precious stone from the old owen cheatham collection two jewel make later and the twenty-seven drawing and painting on paper that salvador dalí make in design the jewel . the whole form an extensive collection of work carry out by the artist between 1941 and 1970 provide a perfect illustration of the various phase of his artistic development .
57 dalí-joies be a permanent exhibition at the dalí theatre-museum in figueres for which the architect Òscar tusquets have completely refurbish a building annex to the museum . the two floor that house the collection of jewel have an entrance independent from that of the museum and can therefore be visit separately . the exhibition include the thirty-seven jewel in gold and precious stone from the old owen cheatham collection two jewel make later and the twenty-seven drawing and painting on paper that salvador dalí make in design the jewel . the whole form an extensive collection of work carry out by the artist between 1941 and 1970 provide a perfect illustration of the various phase of his artistic development .
70 dalí-joies be a permanent exhibition at the dalí theatre-museum in figueres for which the architect Òscar tusquets have completely refurbish a building annex to the museum . the two floor that house the collection of jewel have an entrance independent from that of the museum and can therefore be visit separately . the exhibition include the thirty-seven jewel in gold and precious stone from the old owen cheatham collection two jewel make later and the twenty-seven drawing and painting on paper that salvador dalí make in design the jewel . the whole form an extensive collection of work carry out by the artist between 1941 and 1970 provide a perfect illustration of the various phase of his artistic development .
88 dalí-joies be a permanent exhibition at the dalí theatre-museum in figueres for which the architect Òscar tusquets have completely refurbish a building annex to the museum . the two floor that house the collection of jewel have an entrance independent from that of the museum and can therefore be visit separately . the exhibition include the thirty-seven jewel in gold and precious stone from the old owen cheatham collection two jewel make later and the twenty-seven drawing and painting on paper that salvador dalí make in design the jewel . the whole form an extensive collection of work carry out by the artist between 1941 and 1970 provide a perfect illustration of the various phase of his artistic development .
4 the history of these jewel start in 1941 . the first 22 be acquire by the us millionaire cummins catherwood . salvador dalí make the design for the piece on paper with all kind of detail and great precision of shape material and colour while they be make up in new york by the team of the argentinean-born silversmith carlos alemany under the close supervision of the artist himself .
81 the first 22 be acquire by the us millionaire cummins catherwood . salvador dalí make the design for the piece on paper with all kind of detail and great precision of shape material and colour while they be make up in new york by the team of the argentinean-born silversmith carlos alemany under the close supervision of the artist himself . in 1958 they be acquire by the owen cheatham foundation a prestigious us foundation create in 1934 that lend the jewel collection out so that various charitable educational and cultural organisation could raise fund by exhibit it and finally deposit it at the virginia museum of fine arts in richmond . the collection of jewel have already be exhibit temporarily at the dalí theatre-museum in figueres during the month of august and september 1973 a year before the museum be inaugurate and while the master be still alive . in 1981 the collection be acquire by a saudi multimillionaire and later by three japanese entity the last of which agree to sell it to the gala-salvador dalí foundation .
103 salvador dalí make the design for the piece on paper with all kind of detail and great precision of shape material and colour while they be make up in new york by the team of the argentinean-born silversmith carlos alemany under the close supervision of the artist himself . in 1958 they be acquire by the owen cheatham foundation a prestigious us foundation create in 1934 that lend the jewel collection out so that various charitable educational and cultural organisation could raise fund by exhibit it and finally deposit it at the virginia museum of fine arts in richmond . the collection of jewel have already be exhibit temporarily at the dalí theatre-museum in figueres during the month of august and september 1973 a year before the museum be inaugurate and while the master be still alive . in 1981 the collection be acquire by a saudi multimillionaire and later by three japanese entity the last of which agree to sell it to the gala-salvador dalí foundation .
8 as well as design the form of the jewel salvador dalí personally select each of the material use not only for their colour or value but also for their meaning and the symbolic connotation of each and every one of the previous stone and noble metal . some of the jewel that form part of this collection such as the eye of time 1949 royal heart 1953 or the space elephant 1961 have become key work and be consider to be as exceptional as some of his painting .
50 as well as design the form of the jewel salvador dalí personally select each of the material use not only for their colour or value but also for their meaning and the symbolic connotation of each and every one of the previous stone and noble metal . some of the jewel that form part of this collection such as the eye of time 1949 royal heart 1953 or the space elephant 1961 have become key work and be consider to be as exceptional as some of his painting .
1 j jewel quest 2008 window jewel quest ii 2008 window jewel quest mysteries 2009 window
42 also in december 2007 spector attend the funeral for ike turner whom he previously produce in the mid-late 1960 with his then-wife tina turner . while deliver a eulogy spector lash out at tina turner and state that ike make tina the jewel she be . when i go to see ike play at the cinegrill in the 90s…there be at least five tina turners on the stage perform that night any one of they could have be tina turner . spector then lash out at oprah winfrey for promote tina turner s autobiography that demonized and vilified ike . phil spector criticise tina turner at ike turner s funeral | news | nme.com
67 michael win several of the national whistling competition hold by the iwc in louisburg north carolina as a teen . upon win the grand title of world champion at the millenium championship of musical whistling in edmonton alberta in 1999 he begin perform around the world whistle operatic aria particularly those with fast coloratura . his most well know whistle aria be the vengeance aria mozart the jewel song gounod and mercè dilette amiche verdi .
68 flag off at suntec city s fountain of wealth the revise 5 kilometre walk will take participant across the marina channel and other breathtaking view such as the esplanade the singapore flyer and part of the race track of the formula one singtel singapore grand prix which be hold on 28 september 2008 before end at the newly complete marina barrage that be set to become the new jewel of singapore with gardens by the bay and the marina bay sands due to be complete by 2009 .
69 snergs and hobbitsj. r. r. tolkien author of the hobbit and lord of the rings be know to have read the marvellous land of snergs to his child . he say i should like to record my own love and my child s love of e. a. wyke-smith s marvellous land of snergs at any rate of the snerg-element of that tale and of gorbo the gem of dunderhead jewel of a companion in an escapade . the annotated hobbit
24 4 . minder .... elderly indian man 1 episode 1984 what make shamy run 1984 tv episode .... elderly indian man 5 . the jewel in the crown .... aziz 2 episode 1984 the day of the scorpion 1984 tv episode .... aziz daughter of the regiment 1984 tv episode .... aziz
26 originally the season be advertise as the first u.s. season where a husband and wife would compete against each other rodeo champion ty murray and singer-songwriter jewel . the two have marry the previous year after a ten-year courtship . however just prior to the series jewel fracture both she tibia and be unable to perform .
15 after a couple of day of dead-end lead a couple be catch try to smuggle jewel hide within the child who have just die from the trauma out of the country . with their child dead robert and his wife return to america .
46 most of the booty remain in sweden after christina s departure for exile she only take about 70 to 80 painting with she include about 25 portrait of she friend and family and some 50 painting mostly italian from the prague loot as well as statue jewel 72 tapestry and various other work of art . she be concern that the royal collection would be claim by she successor and prudently send they ahead to antwerp in a ship before she abdicate . watson 127-9
8 hunt marlene the cook mansion libertyville s downtown jewel become village s library libertyville review il thursday october 4 2007
26 ‘kavya-chitra’ a unique show of parallel art which dr.ganesh have mastermind and perform with the world renown painter shri . b.k.s.verma be one of the latest jewel in his crown . this superb feat of ‘on the spot poetry and painting ’ have win great admiration from thousand of people not only within the state and nation but allover the world . ‘nirantara kaavya chitra’ non-stop poetry-painting one such combined feat of dr.ganesh and verma which be hold non-stop for 24 hour in the rashtrothana parishat in bangalore 1997 be a record in itself .
64 xvii . 17 like assault there be vary degree of theft depend on what be steal . the three kind be “trifling when earthen-ware seat cot wood hide grass bean in pod or cook food be steal middle when the theft relate to clothes except silken one animal except cow and bull metal except gold rice and barley and grave or high when gold jewel silken cloth woman man cattle elephant horse and the wealth of brāhmanas or temple be steal .” kane p.v. history of the dharmaśāstras vol . iii p . 519 20 there be several text that agree on the definition of a thieve include the manu-smṛti nārada-smṛti and the smṛti of bṛhaspati .
54 maxims i refer to cain just as beowulf do and contain maxim for the wife of a hero return home from his exploit which be similar to beowulf return home from his adventure . like beowulf maxims ii refer to a dragon . the dragon belong in its barrow canny and jealous of its jewel . bradley p . 513-514 . it be hard to determine why a fictional animal would be mention in wisdom poetry but one possibility be that people in that era could easily conjure up an image of a dragon in their mind and so the scop use this concept to make a point .
0 jewel carmen july 13 1897 march 4 1984 be an american silent film actress .
43 she then sing at last listen and scare of lonely only at certain venue . this be follow by a youtube video interlude feature imitation of the choreography for single ladies perform by fan . beyoncé then sings single ladies in a black jewel encrust mini-dress . for the finale she perform halo . at some venue beyoncé choose a member of the audience to sing happy birthday to .
12 more advanced statistics can be access through e-amusement s online component . jewel can be collect for the empress place system use e-amusement . citation need
20 empress place empress place be the extra stage system use by empress . during regular play player randomly accumulate colored jewel the algorithm have not be disclose . these jewel be use to unlock the 3 song locate in the its first set of stage each stage represent a famous empress . the 3 currently know stage be kung-fu empire by 飛燕流舞 consort yang yuhuan arabian rave night by dj max steroid cleopatra and marie antoinette by marguerite du pre .
27 empress place be the extra stage system use by empress . during regular play player randomly accumulate colored jewel the algorithm have not be disclose . these jewel be use to unlock the 3 song locate in the its first set of stage each stage represent a famous empress . the 3 currently know stage be kung-fu empire by 飛燕流舞 consort yang yuhuan arabian rave night by dj max steroid cleopatra and marie antoinette by marguerite du pre . citation need
44 the artwork be illustrate by rodney matthews follow his sleeve design for magnum s previous album princess alice and the broken arrow and wings of heaven live . into the valley of the moonking will be available in three different version as a regular jewel case cd a digipak consist of cd and bonus dvd and for collector in a vinyl format feature two lp and a fold-out cover .
44 three year after its initial cancellation big brother be bring back . john de mol decide to air it on his own tv station talpa . although he do not own the rights any more he have leave endemol he have n’t forget his jewel . series 5 be show with moderate success in the early evening from 24 august until 22 december 121 day . the house have move from almere to aalsmeer and the presenter be bridget maasland and ruud de wild .
12 a cock scratch the ground for something to eat turn up a jewel that have by chance be drop there . ho say he a fine thing you be no doubt and have your owner find you great would his joy have be . but for i
36 ho say he a fine thing you be no doubt and have your owner find you great would his joy have be . but for i give i a single grain of corn before all the jewel in the world .
6 cockerel you represent a fool stolido jewel you stand for the fine gift of wisdom sophye for the fool this corn sege have no taste .
15 the explicit judgement of the cock s action as foolish on the grounds that the jewel represent wisdom rather than mere allure or material wealth may represent the standard medieval answer to aesop s de facto riddle but variant in the tradition do exist . for example lydgate s version write c.1410 appear to interpret the cockerel s action as wise on the grounds that he be content with what be sufficient for his need . edward wheatley mastering aesop medieval education chaucer and his followers .
45 the most sophisticated literary expansion to survive from the era occur in robert henryson s fable sequence the morall fabillis of esope the phrygian write c.1480 . although henryson create his own original selection and order of fable he still retain the cock and the jewel at the head of the cycle . his own moral conclusion follow the standard verse romulus closure make the jewel an unambiguous figure for wisdom and condemn the consequent materialism of the cockerel but the larger structure of his poem add complexity to this . see the discussion in edward wheatley mastering aesop medieval education chaucer and his followers .
65 the most sophisticated literary expansion to survive from the era occur in robert henryson s fable sequence the morall fabillis of esope the phrygian write c.1480 . although henryson create his own original selection and order of fable he still retain the cock and the jewel at the head of the cycle . his own moral conclusion follow the standard verse romulus closure make the jewel an unambiguous figure for wisdom and condemn the consequent materialism of the cockerel but the larger structure of his poem add complexity to this . see the discussion in edward wheatley mastering aesop medieval education chaucer and his followers . university press of florida 2000 .
53 jacqueline meirelles cuiabá mt april 15 1963 be a brazilian model former television host and miss brazil universe 1987 titleholder . she be the first delegate from the federal capital brasília to win a edition of this pageant since the innauguration of the city in april 21 1960 . currently she work as jewel designer manager and philantropist .
62 hédi slim et nicolas fauqué op . cit. p . 230 .on the same site a panel of marble and limestone be discover show the activity of a matron at the end of the bath . it show the individual seat on the toilet surround by two servant one of which hold a mirror and the other carry a basket with various jewel . at the end of the mosaic the artist present the bath accessory a pair of sandal a basket of laundry a jug etc . mohamed yacoub splendeurs des mosaïques de tunisie éd . agence nationale du patrimoine tunis 1995 p . 222 .
57 d.b. or devil boy john reardon be abandon at birth and rescue from the dock of shanghai to grow into an impetuous thief who steal to provide food for the street child he consider his family . now the young man and his wise partner bird david carradine have their eye on steal the royal court s jewel . they devise a plan to get in to the court by woo the governor’s daughter princess li wei desiree siahaan with whom he be immediately attract to . however they be meet with strong competition from other potential suitor especially the prince of the north rupert graves who be the governor s personal choice .
0 jewel records new york record label base in new york new york a subsidiary label of plaza music company and later of the american record corporation . jewel records cincinnati record label base in cincinnati ohio and run by rusty york . jewel records shreveport record label base in shreveport louisiana and found by stan lewis .
27 jewel records new york record label base in new york new york a subsidiary label of plaza music company and later of the american record corporation . jewel records cincinnati record label base in cincinnati ohio and run by rusty york . jewel records shreveport record label base in shreveport louisiana and found by stan lewis .
42 jewel records new york record label base in new york new york a subsidiary label of plaza music company and later of the american record corporation . jewel records cincinnati record label base in cincinnati ohio and run by rusty york . jewel records shreveport record label base in shreveport louisiana and found by stan lewis .
34 taiwan kinmen defense command he have twice be appoint as commander of kinmen defense command . chiang kai-shek have deep faith in his combat skill and give a gift of a sword with inlaid jewel to hu . because hu do not like to flatter his superior he be promote very slowly he also run into problem with chiang ching-kuo due to the fact that the two do not get along very well . after a stint as a chinese ambassador to south vietnam he be post as the military adviser to chiang .
1 niedes jewel
22 kessler glenn et al . 2006-01-19 . . she have also accuse mugabe of take a country that be once consider the jewel of africa and turning it into a failed state that threaten not only the life of zimbabweans but the security and stability of all southern africa . charbonneau louis 2008-06-19 . reuter . .
35 live tour be the name give to french pop singer lorie s first concert tour . on the 25th of august 2003 a live recording of the show be release in two version a regular jewel case release contain the cd and a dvd and a limited edition cardboard box also include an exclusive all-access pass from the concert 5 photo from the show in 20x29 cm format and a message write by the popular female singer . the cd booklet in both version be a fold out poster . on the 20th of october 2003 a film version of the show be release on dvd.
58 kula world also know as roll away in the usa or kula quest in japan be a 3d platform-based puzzle game create for the sony playstation which place the player in control of a kula beach ball . the main objective of the game be to collect key which unlock the level exit as well as coin and jewel along the way .
27 eddie s work not relate to his brother s production include play a musician in sandesaya 1960 and the brother of a village simpleton who discover a jewel and become rich in kolomba sanniya 1976 . he reprise his role as manappuwa in a remake of kadawunu poronduwa release in 1982 .
68 seravy explain that even king genius could not defeat the daimaō so they should be careful to not underestimate his power . seravy be charge to take care of the baby princess chacha and be give the princess medallion which allow chacha to transform into the magical princess . king genius then trap the daimaō inside the castle right before the daimaō finish transform king genius into a jewel . this jewel be place into the princess medallion . the only way for chacha to free she parent and king genius be to defeat the daimaō .
49 seravy be charge to take care of the baby princess chacha and be give the princess medallion which allow chacha to transform into the magical princess . king genius then trap the daimaō inside the castle right before the daimaō finish transform king genius into a jewel . this jewel be place into the princess medallion . the only way for chacha to free she parent and king genius be to defeat the daimaō . access have now find out where chacha and seravy live
22 march 8 1959 sunday the marx brothers make their last screen appearance as groucho chico and harpo marx star in the incredible jewel robbery on the cbs anthology program general electric theater . wes d. gehring the marx brothers a bio-bibliography greenwood publishing group 1987 p94 a 19 year old airman at the davis-monthan afb commit suicide by set a high altitude test chamber to simulate 73,000 foot then pull off his oxygen mask .
11 # left-hand cigarette blues 3:02 # dirt nap 2:36 # sapphire jewel 2:59 # whine de lune 3:00 # pasture 2:39
46 hannah idowu dideolu awolowo née adelana popularly know as hid be bear in 1915 to a modest family in the small ikenne community of ogun state in nigeria . she be the widow of the late politician obafemi awolowo who famously refer to she as his jewel of inestimable value . a successful businesswoman and astute politician she be the first lady of the old western region . she play active role in the politics of the western region .
19 soulstone an object use to store an eldar s soul in the warhammer 40,000 universe . soul stone a jewel or stone use to trap and contain a demon s soul in the diablo universe . soulstone an item in the world of warcraft universe that be create by the warlock class which allow the character whom it be cast upon to bring themselves back to life .
10 if a few part such as the hairspring screw or jewel setting be make by an outside supplier that movement be still consider a manufacture because the majority of the mechanism be an exclusive design .
17 origin adornis.com inc. be an online jewelry retailer launch by irish entrepreneur declan ganley sell the ganley jewel irish independent sunday november 19 2000 in 1999 interview daire o'brien prepared to take the broadband picture the sunday times january 25 2004 part of the dot-com boom of the 90 s . the company be fund through ganley s private equity firm the ganley group ganley deny adornis have lose all its sparkle sunday business post sunday november 12 2000 with $ 30m in equity funding $ 30m in debt financing and a personal investment by ganley of $ 5.5m . off-line adornis lay off top staff 8 november 2000 by paul drury from www.electricnews .net
31 for a while his empire comprise all the private playhouse in the city vasateatern the swedish theatre södra teatern and oscarsteatern . simultaneously he run the royal swedish opera . the jewel in his crown be the swedish theatre where several play which have make theatre history premiere notably a dream play by august strindberg in 1907 .
43 fuchs 34 in the netherlands a uniquely anamorphic auricular style employ writhing and anti-architectural cartilaginous motif be develop by the van vianen family of silversmith . rijksmuseum auricular ornament van vianem cup . waddesdon manordetail of rudolf s imperial crown gold enamel and jewel . prague 1602 though mannerist sculptor produce life-size bronze the bulk of their output by unit be of edition of small bronze often reduce version of the large composition which be intend to be appreciate by hold and turn in the hand when the best give an aesthetic stimulus of that involuntary kind that sometimes come from listen to music .
8 tourism the lake be describe as a wide jewel of blue and green c. tejero pinatubo 10 year after beyond the valley of lahar philippine daily inquirer 2001-04-29 retrieve 10 march 2009 and be now a popular trekking destination mostly frequent by mountaineer and adventure-seeker . until a few year ago a trip to the summit involve either day of hiking or hour of 4-wheel vehicle travel follow by a 2-hour hard hike .
1 empire jewel i
56 a few year later in 1370 when malik raja the founder of the faruki dynasty in attempt to establish himself in khandesh march against raja bappaji nikumbh the baglan chief . malik raja be force to pay a yearly tribute to the nikumbhs . the first tribute include five large and ten small elephant besides pearl jewel and money . at the close of the century on the establishment of the musalman dynasty of ahmedabad baglan seem to have become tributary to gujarat . muhammad shah bahmani make several unsuccessful attempt in conquer this land .
31 thomas father die around 1601 when his intensely religious will be prove . thomas inherit the residue of his father’s estate . thomas mother mary receive some money and also she jewel include chain of gold and pearl together with a “greate dyamond ” that have belong to she father . she also receive the various household effect that have previously belong to she father . thomas penistone senior ask to be bury in the cathedral at rochester .
80 sab ki laadli bebo be all about a cute cheerful innocent girl bebo who be love by she family immeasurably . this affluent respectable traditional punjabi family of 3 brother and their parent always yearn for a girl child and their happiness know no bound when after year god answer their prayer and a daughter be bear . . as the only girl child bear in the traditionally rich punjabi family after age she be nothing less than a precious jewel in the house and there be an amazing bond between each of they . unheard and unexposed to the sorrow and misery of life she know only to smile and laugh . she motto of life be to be happy and make other happy and she be proud to be bear in such a loving family .
64 little be know of the caped crusaders first meeting with the villain but on their second chance encounter they find that he have impersonate a wealthy uranium tycoon name p.s. smithington . as smithington false-face rob a local gotham city jewelry store frame the true smithington for the crime . batman manage to rescue the actual smithington but be unable to recover the steal jewel .
2 the twelve jewel of islam in the nation of gods and earths be a variant of the supreme alphabet and supreme mathematics that the group s member use to understand the meaning of the universe . all three system comprise the universal language .
11 there be not a weak track nor a less than brilliant jewel to be find within this set . the onset at their grandest and an album that will leave listener desperate for more .
2 became wet jewel
11 learn buddha darma master chan-yun take the refuge in the three jewel and become a buddhist when he be 24 . at the age of 26 he take the five precept . at 30 he become a monk in beijing .
97 however qiu have the tomb then open up and throw their body into the wei river . the shence army soldier pillage these execute official mansion for wealth and it be say that because wang be so wealthy such that even though the soldier and other looter loot his mansion for day there be still valuable leave . in particular it be say that wang hold a large collection of valuable calligraphic work and painting — which he have amass by purchase and by give their prior owner office — and that while the looter take the jewel stud on the roll or jade use for the roll they leave the artwork .
10 luther kent bear june 23 1948 classic songs a romantic jewel pulled out of luther kent s trick bag club louisianne be an american blues singer base in new orleans louisiana . kent be know for a big soulful voice and his big horn-based group luther kent trick bag that mixed swing blues with new orleans r&b .
40 lakshmikantha the preside deity of the temple in kalale be resplendent with his divine glory in a peacefully bounteous natural environment . a visit to this holy place be a must for all “asthikas’ accord to sthalapurana “janamejaya” the crest jewel of the pandava dynasty hunt along the course of kapila and koundinya rivers be say to have come across this place of natural enemy cow and tiger live peacefully together and identify the narayana idol in the bush of bamboo where this temple be build by he . this idol “lakshmikantha” be of 3 ft and 6 inch height and divinely beautiful . the lord here be worship accord to pancharathra agama .
54 chihuallama bath she entire body with wet hand invoke the blessing of the goddess chalchiutlicue . “now this child be new-born and new form bear again with the blessing of the water goddess . whoever might do this child mischief go away for she be under the protection of chalchiutlicue goddess who wear precious jewel . mythological history anacade international 1995
24 he not only outrages she body but he — ne er can give she back again that which he have take away the brightest jewel woman wear throughout she little day . the brightest and the only one
3 other louis sullivan jewel box farmers and merchants bank columbus wisconsin 1919 henry adams building algona iowa 1913
14 itunes originals – jack johnson itunes original – jars of clay itunes original – jewel itunes original – joel plaskett l
36 the patience of maigret be a 1965 detective novel by the belgian writer georges simenon feature his character jules maigret . maigret search for evidence that an old nemesis of his be behind a series of jewel robbery . maigret believe the ageing gangster be organise a gang from his apartment . however when the gangster be find dead maigret investigate his criminal connection and his neighbour try to find the murderer .
6 gameplay the cursor now select four jewel and rotate they clockwise . not every move have to form a line of three but each time a line be form in one click the player will start a chain which will give increase bonus point . the chain will be break if a move be make which do not line up 3 jewel .
60 the cursor now select four jewel and rotate they clockwise . not every move have to form a line of three but each time a line be form in one click the player will start a chain which will give increase bonus point . the chain will be break if a move be make which do not line up 3 jewel . there be several different mode of gameplay available .
16 elizabeth hayes 1988-05-01 . los angeles times . some of the lyric be see candy s jewel see aaron s money
8 accord to legend it be say to have jewel and image enshrine in the central stupa but none have ever be find .
0 jewel orchid can refer to any orchid grow for its leaf rather than its flower include
4 anoectochilus anoectochilus sandvicensis hawaii jewel orchid goodyera ludisia a genus of orchid
8 goodyera ludisia a genus of orchid ludisia discolor jewel orchid macodessee also orchidaceae# leaf
1 standard jewel case cd limited edition cd/dvd digipack which include a tour around the british grove studio conduct by mark and chuck ainlay deluxe edition in presentation box to include
90 the sutra introduce the buddhist mantra om manipadme hum which it state can lead to liberation moksha and eventual buddhahood dr. studholme the origins of om manipadme hum a study of the karandavyuha sutra suny 2002 p . 68 . dr. studholme see this famous mantra as be a declarative aspiration possibly mean i in the jewel-lotus dr. alexander studholme the origins of om manipadme hum a study of the karandavyuha sutra suny 2002 p . 117 with the jewel-lotus be a reference to birth in the lotus make of jewel in the buddhist paradise sukhavati of buddha amitabha . the mantra be the very heart of avalokitesvara the supreme buddha of compassion and can usher in awakening . dr. studholme write
4 she first experience in jewel sale be work with she mother who in that time have already build a differentiated customer’s group and acquire year of experience in jewelry’s field .
29 the path of design bring she to meet she husband and to live at rio de janeiro city for 12 year . there she create a company and manufacture jewel for the most important brazilian’s and international’s jeweler .
20 she have a broad cv and offer several international’s exhibition . she be one the first designer who create refine jewel combine frog and fish leather with precious stone and to show video with which the audience could watch she work create design painting and execute she jewel at she atelier .
47 she have a broad cv and offer several international’s exhibition . she be one the first designer who create refine jewel combine frog and fish leather with precious stone and to show video with which the audience could watch she work create design painting and execute she jewel at she atelier .
22 in 2004 the project art and design galley become real with trademark “one only one ” a number of designer expose silver jewel and unique signed piece .
26 in august 2005 at ponteio lar shopping cultural space “the art and jewelry design ” and “gallery art and design” two project together be present with jewel exposition open class with datum show and jewelry office and design .
27 during his tenure as general secretary he visit 4,000 village and town in kongu nadu . he also have organize 4 conference during his period . the jewel on his tenure be the arasiyial eluzhchi maannadu/conference that he organize in karumathampatty which see the participation of 13 lakh 1.3 million people . with the peravai president mr. best s.ramasamy eswaran be instrumental in convert the kongu vellala gounder peravai into a political party the kongunadu munnetra peravai kmp whose mission be to address the problem of the entire people of kongu nadu. he be also well know for his help tendency
28 subway 2nd in nasik city fast food restaurant other outlet adida nike proline foresight opticals reebok levis spykar provogue remanika biba fabindia jashan niru s saree phillips inter jewel adgaonkar motiwale aditya jeweller senorita sai gem zumi lilliput man n jeans gini n jony oyo archy gallery raymond thoma scott planet fashion oxemberg crosswords top'n'town moti mahal home n apparel wellhome vandana electronics
53 it be build during the 9th century as a palace chapel for alfonso ii of asturias and the church of san salvador of oviedo both demolish in the 14th century to build the present gothic cathedral of oviedo . apart from act as royal chapel the holy chamber be build to house the jewel and rely of the cathedral of san salvador in oviedo a function it continue to have 1200 year later . some of these jewel be donate by the kings alfonso ii and alfonso iii and represent extraordinary gold artifact of asturian pre-romanesque bring from toledo after the fall of the visigothic kingdom .
77 it be build during the 9th century as a palace chapel for alfonso ii of asturias and the church of san salvador of oviedo both demolish in the 14th century to build the present gothic cathedral of oviedo . apart from act as royal chapel the holy chamber be build to house the jewel and rely of the cathedral of san salvador in oviedo a function it continue to have 1200 year later . some of these jewel be donate by the kings alfonso ii and alfonso iii and represent extraordinary gold artifact of asturian pre-romanesque bring from toledo after the fall of the visigothic kingdom .
14 nintendo . game boy advance . 2003-04-14 the key to unlock alchemy four magic jewel name the elemental stars have be hide within the mountain shrine mt . aleph which in turn have be guard by the town of vale at the mountain s base over the age . three year prior to the start of the game in the game s prologue however saturos and menardi along with a raid party raid mt .
53 the shakyamuni triad and the guze kannon at hōryū-ji be prime example . by the late 7th century wood replace bronze and copper . by the early tang dynasty greater realism be express by fuller form long narrow slit eye softer facial feature flow garment and embellishment with ornament such as bracelet and jewel . two prominent example of sculpture of this period be the shō kannon at yakushi-ji and the yumechigai kannon at hōryū-ji . asuka historical museum .
36 more formally the couple s family celebrate the marriage with a feast . the party give back their betrothal ring and receive other worn on their index finger . the bride’s mother give the groom a jewel to wear galadriel s gift of the elfstone to aragorn reflect this tradition she be grandmother to his betrothed arwen arwen s mother celebrían have leave middle-earth for valinor after grievous psychological injury after she capture by orc and liberation by she son .
94 the noldor wisest of the three kindred of elves that have come to valinor be most vulnerable to his plot since he have much knowledge they eagerly seek and while instruct they he also awake unrest and discontent among they . when the valar become aware of this they send tulkas to arrest he but melkor have already flee . with the aid of ungoliant a dark spirit in the form of a monstrous spider he destroy the two tree of valinor slew the king of the noldor finwë and steal the three silmaril jewel make by finwë’s son fëanor which be fill with the light of the trees . fëanor thereupon name he morgoth black foe of the world and the eldar know he by this name alone afterwards . improper reference format
32 at melkor s instigation however ungoliant destroy the tree . fëanor a noldorin elf have with great forethought and love capture the light of the two tree in three silmaril the greatest jewel ever create . melkor steal the silmaril from fëanor and kill his father finwë chief of the noldor in aman and thereupon flee to middle-earth . many of the noldor in defiance of the will of the valar swear revenge and set out in pursuit .
47 the screenplay be write by sidney buchman harry sauber jack kirkland and john howard lawson adaptation uncredited . the story be write by joseph krumgold base on purple and fine linen suggest by may edginton . it tell the story of a crime reporter who track down jewel robber .
17 synopsisraffle play by house peters be an english gentleman with a secret life he be the notorious jewel thief know as the amateur cracksman . while sailing from india to england accompany by his friend bunny manners play by freeman wood it be rumor that the infamous cracksman be aboard ship . raffles warn a lady passenger to keep an eye on she necklace which be steal soon afterward .
98 a large dam be define by the industry as one higher than 15 meter high and a major dam as higher than 150.5 meter . upstream from the exist plant begin with glavaticevo hydro power plant in the nearby glavatičevo village then go even more upstream bjelimići hydro power plant and ljubuča hydro power plant locate near the village with a same name and in addition one more at the neretva headwater gorge near the very source of the river in entity of republic of srpska by its entity government . this if realize would completely destroy this jewel among river so its strongly oppose and protest by numerous environmentalist organization and ngo s domestic . . as well as international wwf world wide fund . . . .
54 seepia be the first album by the australian technical blacken death metal band portal . the original version of the album be limit to 500 hand-numbered copy . it be remaster and re-release through profound lore records in 2005 as a digipac and again by ordo decimus peccatum osmose productions in 2008 as a jewel case version . the original vinyl version be release through decius prod . in 2003 and a gatefold picture disc lp version be release by crush until madness records in 2008 .
56 against the wish of most of the curia pius vii travel to paris for napoleon s coronation in 1804 . although the pope and the papacy be promise several luxurious gift and monetary donation the pope initially refuse most of these offer . napoleon acquiesce but do produce a papal tiara which present as its main jewel one that have previously be confiscate by napoleon from pope pius vi. a portrait by jacques-louis david be also commission in 1805 in thanks for his attendance . thereafter he share the fortune of the napoleon bonaparte family in the intrigue and strife which ensue .
40 these development place the regency in considerable difficulty . despite apokaukos adroit management of the fisc the devastation cause by the prolonged war have empty the treasury and in august 1343 empress anna have be force to pawn the crown jewel to the republic of venice for 30,000 ducat . in addition the ravages in thrace mean that food be become scarce in constantinople itself . nicol 1993 pp .
44 the artwork be illustrate by rodney matthews follow his sleeve design for magnum s previous album princess alice and the broken arrow and wings of heaven live . into the valley of the moonking will be available in three different version as a regular jewel case cd a digipak consist of cd and bonus dvd and for collector in a vinyl format feature two lp and a fold-out cover .
59 at his birth fëanor draw so much life from his mother míriel that she grow weary of life and she spirit leave she bodily form depart to the hall of mandos . eventually finwë remarry to indis and have two further son fingolfin and finarfin . fëanor become the most famous elven craftsman especially by make the silmarils three jewel in which he trap the light of the two tree . the silmaril be hallow by varda and would burn any evil or mortal creature who touch they .
17 melkor and ungoliant then make their way across to middle-earth and he give ungoliant all the great jewel he have steal except the silmarils which he desire to keep. the rapacious ungoliant consume they all and still hungry she demand the silmarils but the ever-treacherous melkor renege on his oath so she seize he and bind he with she web and his anguished cry echo across all of middle-earth .
50 as they leave morgoth and his creature reawaken and beren and lúthien be confront by carcharoth the giant wolf that guard the gate of angband . beren attempt to hold off the terrible creature with the power of the silmaril but carcharoth bite off his hand and swallow the holy jewel . drive mad by the pain it inflict the creature go on a rampage through doriath until it be eventually kill by the mighty elf-hound huan . in this final battle beren be fatally wound by carcharoth so lúthien travels in spirit to the house of the dead to plead with mandos for beren s release .
75 nell go psychotic and yell at the man say she daughter be not a cheater . while at the hotel a dog try to bite at melissa so nell get a toy plan fly into a back while the dog chase after it and the dog be hear whimpering . nell see a handsome man name jeff brett cullen across from the hotel room while she be try on melissa s mother s clothes and jewel he call she up for a date . she imagine they marry with melissa as their daughter and two other child . he like nell but she start act insane asking if he love she .
43 51-54 they be invent by rené dagron in 1857. dagron bypass the need for an expensive microscope to view the microscopic photograph by attach the microphotograph at the end of a modify stanhope lens . he call the device bijoux photomicroscopique or photomicroscopic jewel . the photographic journal by royal photographic society of great britain jan . 15 1864 in 1862 dagron display the device at the exhibition in london where he get an honourable mention and present they to queen victoria . chronology of microfilm development 1800 1900 from ucla in 1864 dagron become famous when he produce a stanhope optical viewer which enable the viewing of a microphotograph square millimetre equivalent in size to the head of a pin that include the portrait of 450 people .
11 in may she connection decide to enter she in the second jewel of america s defacto filly triple crown the $ 250,000 grade two black-eyed susan stakes . panty raid be the second choice at 5-2 on the morning line in a strong field of eight stake winner that include grade one winner and favorite baroness thatcher . after break cleanly from post two in a field of three year-old filly panty raid save grind around both turn ride close to the rail of the 1-1/8-mile race .
53 train by j. larry jones she previously notch a 4-¾ length score in the one mile $ 75,000 instant racing stakes at oaklawn park on april 11 2009 . after win three straight race at oaklawn park in the spring of she sophomore season she connection decide to enter she in the second jewel of america s defacto filly triple crown the black-eyed susan stakes .
32 case 2 it take a thief a thief lead a double life . by day he be a property manager by night a cat burglar who execute some of the most daring jewel heist in american history
61 emperor kōmei seat in foreground empress go-sakuramachi here present as a man with a false goatee and emperor jinmu carry a rough bow and perch eagle . rear . the kami amaterasu standing and hold the three sacred treasures of japan and ninigi-no-mikoto who first bring to earth the imperial regalia the sword kusanagi the mirror yata no kagamus and the jewel yasakani no magatama .
42 in 1646 he be leave as hostage in scotland . he be present at charles i s trial and a member of the councils of state from 1649 until 1652 . attempt escape when call on to account for the king s jewel 1660 . he be degrade and sentence to imprisonment for life . in 1664 a warrant be issue for his transportation to tangier and he die at antwerp on the way .
5 the type collection of the jewel beetle species maoraxia auroimpressa be collect at manning point . bellamy cl houston wwk wells a 2002 . .
83 in order to play in the northern league they first have to make some major improvement to their ground . this include netting erected behind river end goal tarmac hard standing lay on two side of pitch bottom level of terrace concrete new dugout purchase renovation of old dugout installation of a tannoy system re-opening of gent toilet beneath main stand metal work and wall paint overhaul of pitch surround re-opening of railway end turnstile installation of a cctv system and finally the jewel in the crown the brand new conference standard floodlight .
69 later dior leave ossiriand with his family and bade farewell to his parent and come to doriath as its new king to once more give back its former glory . soon after the necklace contain the silmaril be present to dior by a green-elf messenger from ossiriand and dior know that it be a sign and token of his parent death . he gaze long in grief at the jewel before wear it and reveal himself as the most beautiful of all the child of the world of threefold race the edain man the eldar elves and the maiar ainur of the blessed realm .
49 usually though it be play in an electronic form as a computer game . this remove the tedium of set-up and the temptation to cheat . some electronic mahjong solitaire game offer extra option such as 1 change the tile set and pattern from the traditional tile to flower jewel or other item that may be easier to match up at a glance 2 play a series of different layout with vary level of difficulty usually give chinese name such as the ox or the snake or 3 add wildcard tile and other tile that have special function . these game also have an optional time limit . they may also offer hints/cheat option such as the ability to have a match find for the player or to backtrack and undo already make move .
44 construction of the basilica of our lady of copacabana begin in 1668 be inaugurate in 1678 and be complete by 1805 . the venerated image be bless during the papal visit of pius xi. subsequently the faithful donate embellishment to the image include valuable jewel and the temple be fill with gift and treasure .
39 in 1825 when bolivia gain independence it be attribute to the faith of the population through the virgin of copacabana . however in 1826 marshal antonio josé de sucre the president of the republic of bolivia expropriate all the jewel and colonial treasure at the shrine of the virgin use they to create the first coin from bolivia .
46 they make no attempt to conceal their face from the premise cctv camera and police later discover that they have use a professional make-up artist to alter their hair by use wig their skin tone and their feature use latex prosthetic . edwards richard . graff jewel heist £40m robber wear disguise . 14 august 2009 . daily telegraph .
23 detective investigate the robbery state they know exactly what they be look for and we suspect they already have a market for the jewel . the suspect detail be circulate to all port and airport but police believe they would have an elaborately prepared escape route and have already leave the country .
30 man in court over jewellery raid as of mid-october 2009 as many as ten male suspect have be arrest in connection with the robbery . bbc.co.uk tenth arrest over £40m jewel raid 15 october 2009 charges bring against the individual include conspiracy with other to commit robbery attempt murder hold someone hostage possess firearm and use a handgun to resist arrest . times-series.co.uk east finchley man in court over £40 million raid on graff jewellers in new bond street 16 october 2009 timesonline .co.uk
17 in 2003 the new bond street premise be rob by two man from the pink panthers international jewel thief network who steal 47 piece of jewellery worth £23 million .
16 list of bank robber and robbery major crime in the united kingdomreferencesexternal links hunt for £40m jewel heist gang bbc news channel report graff diamond official site jewellery worth $ 65million steal in arm robbery metropolitan police bulletin
10 it be know that this album be release as a jewel case . . and as a limited edition gatefold black vinyl press limit to 500 handnumber copy . the vinyl press be release in march 2006 and come with an exclusive bonus cover of sodom s christ passion .
47 the mascapaicha be the imperial symbol wear only by the sapa inca as king of cusco and emperor of the tawantinsuyu . it be a tassel shape of exquisite red wool with gold thread and two feather from a bird call corequenque it be the most priceless jewel of the kingdom .
9 referencessource the food of jamaica authentic recipe from the jewel of the caribbean . john demers eduardo fuss . tuttle publishing 1998 .
78 the label only sign their artist to single release deal prefer to allow their artist freedom to release on other label . in addition operate their own online store front make the percentage of profit from the retail price unusually high especially for a label release esoteric and niche market music . both have express their desire to cut down on what they see as waste byproduct of the music industry i .e . plastic for cd plastic jewel case fuel for transportation and distribution .
29 series historica vol . i 2004 p.71 however one of his primary focus be on ottoman turkish as a mediator between romanian and other language the romanian word giuvaier jewel borrow from the the turkish cevahir but originate with a persian source trampă barter take from the turkish trampa but source to the italian tramutare to transform talaz high wave identical to the turkish intermediary and through it borrow from the greek Θάλασσα thalassa sea . suciu p.1674 additionally the scholar document the distant impression of levantine territory as first introduce through ottoman culture—as illustrate by the original reference to egypt as misir from the arabic مصر ‎ miṣr as oppose to the more modern egipt . romanian radu ardelean banatul ardealul şi restul lumius sau geografie şi etnografie la mihail halici-tatăl in the lucian blaga university of sibiu s studia universitatis cibiniensis .
20 lacquer buddhist item 11 item relate to buddhism include four box for sutra scroll two miniature shrine one table a jewel box a box for the kesa robe a palanquin and a buddhist platform .
11 2005 every drop counts 2004 a killing in choctaw 2003 a jewel in history 2002 tantu 2001 jamaica spirit of enterprise
55 he be see as a close friend as well as a look alike of the indra the lord of the celestial . kalidasa invoke sage kutsa in one of the chapter in raghuvamsa . tradition say that it be due to the blessing of kutsa the raghu clan – the dynasty of which the crown jewel rama belong .
41 a beautiful image of varuna as per hinduism varuna be the lord of water and sea and the guardian of the western quarter have be find here in a stand pose in dvibhanga bear a high ja or jita adorn with jewel and wear the usual ornament with proper right hand in a varada pose probably also with a rosary .
97 they therefore elect silvestro valiero on february 25 1694 and he celebrate by pay for lavish celebration and banquet . although the grand council have in 1645 abolish the elaborate ceremony for installing a new dogaressa because of its large expense to the state and to the doge valiero convince the council to grant an exception . as such on march 4 1694 elisabetta querini appear clothe in a cloth of gold robe adorn with sable with a white veil and corno ducale the version of ducal crown wear by the doge and his wife adorn with jewel and a large diamond cross on she chest . pompeo molmenti la storium dus venezia nellum vita priva dalle origigini alla caduta dellum repubblica 1927-1929 . . together valiero and his wife sit on the throne of venice and receive counselor minister judge and the capi of the ten .
7 the definitive groove collection be a double jewel case cd compilation album by grandmaster flash and the furious five release in 2006 by rhino records . it contain original full-length track by the various version and their spellings of both grandmaster flash and grandmaster melle mel .
46 the set itself comprise the album brilliant tree secret of the beehive go to earth separate onto two cd and alchemy an index of possibilities here title simply as alchemy . each cd have new disc front and rear artwork combine with printed artwork on the jewel case itself which give a completely new image . a poster insert be enclose list the discography on one side and feature art by russell mills . the set be design by russell mills and dave coppenhall .
26 promo a cd sampler be release to promote the box set and be now itself a collector item . it be house in a slip-cased slimline jewel case and be notable in that it contain pop song a song that be not include on the box set itself but which have be release on everything and nothing .
59 two new environment will be available in chaos rise to complement the 3 or so already available the jungle/swamp terrain of the planet typhon the desert and canyon of the planet calderis and the tower gothic city-scape of the planet meridian . the new environment be planet aurelia once a verdant world home to billion of human and the jewel of the sector aurelia fall to the corruption of chaos cause the fertile world to become a frigid wasteland half torn apart by the warping effect of chaos . after this the planet disappear into a warpstorm a stellar disturbance where the chaotic dimension know as the warp meet real space . year later aurelia have emerge and the force of chaos launch their attack from it .
15 new dreams for old be release in 1999 by eagle records . it be a jewel case compilation album consist of various gary numan rare single mix and b-side from the year 1984-1998 in non-chronological order .
74 preakness stake after such an impressive performance in win the withers scrappy t and his connection decide to take a step up in class and take on the nation s best three year-old in the run for the black-eyed susans the grade one preakness stakes . in that contest scrappy t be list on the morning line as the eleventh choice at 20-1 in a full field of fourteen stake winner in the second jewel of the triple crown . the vast majority of public support be wager on the top three finisher in the derby they be afleet alex giacomo and closing argument .
20 the ep be available only on sondre s east coast tour salisbury vanita 2008-11-21 . . in lieu of traditional jewel case and album art it come in a plain cd sleeve with the cd-r and a polaroid photo visible in the window . the photo be from fall event such as halloween 2008 .
1 the jewel in the crown of wes be mentorset a free mentoring scheme for individual . if you need help with career progression or juggling home and work do contact they .
57 the morning telegraph of new york write it be a most elaborate production in which be combine taste and lavish expenditure . the scenery both miss glaum s and that of the play be unusually effective the star s costume be sufficient of themselves to repay woman patron . moreover the story hold interest unflaggingly and a jewel like this in a setting of the sort here reveal make for real value . the evening independent . 1919-12-03 .
11 dennis stanton dennis stanton play by keith michell be a former jewel thief turn insurance claim investigator who always solve his case use unusual method and send a copy of the story to his friend jessica afterwards .
27 genesis the movie box be box set which include all of the genesis concert film except when in rome 2007 . however it do include an empty jewel case to place the disc of when in rome in . three side live and the mama tour be release on dvd for the first time as part of this box set .
45 the archeological ruin in kantarodai might well confirm this literary reference . manimekalai speak about buddha s visit to jaffna . the mahavamsa also mention that lord buddha use his siddhus or yogic power to visit jaffna by air to resolve a crisis over a jewel between the naga chieftain and introduce buddhism to they . it refer to the port of jambukola pattuna now know as sambalturai where ship embark to india . the sangam era tamil literature in the early century of the common era include poet eelattu poothanthevanar from mantai in what be today the mannar district of sri lanka .
50 golden fire ii be a video game for arcade release by topis in 1992 . it be a board game with 7 for 7 space you choose between 3 great leader of ancient japan caricature to autoact and play against other it begin each one of the side with two jewel . if you advance the adjacent space with a jewel you produce other one if you advance two space you only make it take away of place . when a piece be put near to that of the enemy she adjacent piece become other of your own piece .
60 golden fire ii be a video game for arcade release by topis in 1992 . it be a board game with 7 for 7 space you choose between 3 great leader of ancient japan caricature to autoact and play against other it begin each one of the side with two jewel . if you advance the adjacent space with a jewel you produce other one if you advance two space you only make it take away of place . when a piece be put near to that of the enemy she adjacent piece become other of your own piece . there gain who to fill out the board with more of his piece or to remove all the piece of the adversary .
61 they come to visit the colonial exhibition in paris that feature exotic temple and pavilion with the balinese style pavilion of the dutch east indies be the finest of all . the prince ask jacques to make up their daily program . during the day they have to pay official visit but after these they change into street clothing and their jewel be hide in the hotel safe but they still wear their velvet topy indonesian cap . in all the parisian nightclub the group frequent jacques be see as a kind of leader . the most attractive parisian and foreign “vedettes ” be nightly in their company .
6 la joya in spanish mean the jewel .
6 agrilus coxalis be a species of jewel beetle know by the common name gold spot oak borer . it be a woodboring beetle best know for destroy stand of oak tree in the cleveland national forest in san diego county california in the united states .
31 until further study yield suggestion for the management of this pest insect the us forest service advise forestry worker to use containment guideline now in practice for the control of similar jewel beetle pest such as the emerald ash borer and bronze birch borer . if the beetle be introduce to the area it may have come in on firewood . krier r. pest sap oak and community .
51 she win the grade one ashland stakes at keeneland in april over tingle . she follow that up with a gritty third place finish in the kentucky oaks lose to make sail . she run so well in those two race that she connection decide to enter she in the second jewel of america s defacto filly triple crown the black-eyed susan stakes . airmans guide ride away with a win in a dominating performance over a field of nine filly that day .
44 in his first appearance he take revenge on j. jonah jameson for ridicule his theory of invisibility . in the second appearance he break electro green goblin and vulture out of jail to take out spider-man . dr. dumpty dr. humperdink dumpty be a jewel thief who steal the jewel of actress rachel welles when he attack a parade . dr. vespian he be a scientist who develop a drinkable invisibility serum that he test on himself and his dog . dr. von schlick he be an evil scientist who wear a rubber non-stick costume with petroleum-based bubble emit from his finger .
49 in his first appearance he take revenge on j. jonah jameson for ridicule his theory of invisibility . in the second appearance he break electro green goblin and vulture out of jail to take out spider-man . dr. dumpty dr. humperdink dumpty be a jewel thief who steal the jewel of actress rachel welles when he attack a parade . dr. vespian he be a scientist who develop a drinkable invisibility serum that he test on himself and his dog . dr. von schlick he be an evil scientist who wear a rubber non-stick costume with petroleum-based bubble emit from his finger .
59 she run against three year-old colt and win in the whirlaway stakes at aqueduct racetrack in march . then she place second in the grade one ashland stakes at keeneland in april lose to a longshot name tall weeds . she run so well in those three race that she connection decide to enter she in the first two jewel of america s defacto filly triple crown in the kentucky oaks and the black-eyed susan stakes . she run a gritty race and go on to win the kentucky oaks over the fat lady and lady dorimar in a strong field of ten filly . she continue she sharp performance in the grade two black-eyed susan stakes at old hilltop in baltimore maryland .
28 the villa be build along 2 mile of beach and have a restaurant reception room and a gym architectural digest . tortuga bay august 2008 . the small jewel be actually a string of jewel not a single building by 15 villa string along two mile of beach with a gourmet restaurant reception room and a gym . . guest of tortuga bay have access to all of the resort ’s amenity and be provide with a golf cart to for explore the grounds . six senses spa:the resort also include a six senses spa which use medicinal plant from the area in some of it ’s treatment .
34 the villa be build along 2 mile of beach and have a restaurant reception room and a gym architectural digest . tortuga bay august 2008 . the small jewel be actually a string of jewel not a single building by 15 villa string along two mile of beach with a gourmet restaurant reception room and a gym . . guest of tortuga bay have access to all of the resort ’s amenity and be provide with a golf cart to for explore the grounds . six senses spa:the resort also include a six senses spa which use medicinal plant from the area in some of it ’s treatment .
29 his royal and pious wife maría enhance his distinction . she be the daughter of a count and through she merit she become a countess . shine like a jewel she will thus live on through the age . vv. 101–24 .
41 marriage to the earl of oxford agnes accompany anne of bohemia the future consort of king richard ii to england in december 1381 . she serve in the capacity of lady of the bedchamber and be also the custodian of the jewel and valuable give to queen anne by she mother elizabeth of pomerania . costain p.128 anne be duly marry to king richard and crown queen consort on 22 january 1382 . on an unknown date agnes catch the eye of the king s favourite robert de vere 9th earl of oxford marquess of dublin duke of ireland .
19 history the school be build in the 1920s chastity pratt of the detroit free press say it be the jewel of the district when it be build . pratt chastity . detroit s redford high down but not break amid heap of woe a few fight to save it .
20 heritage park be a community park in taylor michigan locate at 12111 pardee road . many know it as the jewel of the city . the park offer baseball diamond soccer field swim pool historical building and many more event for the public to enjoy . family gather at heritage park to engage in activity with the family outside of the home .
26 list of british middleweight boxing championsreferencesexternal links professional boxing record for frank moody from boxrec image of moody s boxing glove from the 1920s gathering the jewel
117 the other recovered text cotera mention specifically in this article be maría ruiz de burton s two historical romance who would have thought it and the squatter and the don and daniel veñegas s picaresque comedy las adventuras de don chipote . . in their introduction to the book co-editor josé e. limón and maría eugenia cotera anticipate the role caballero would play in this enlargement of the canon call it a work that speak centrally to the texas experience that deal centrally with the oft-neglected experience of mexican-american woman see gonzález raleigh xus . . accordingly gonzález and raleigh s critique of patriarchal tradition win the book its supporter who celebrate caballero as the formerly lost jewel in chicana literature see saka . .
26 1991 ethnic affairs commission award for jewels and ashes 1992 faw ana literature award for jewels and ashes 1992 braille book of the year award for jewel and ash 1992 talk book of the year award for jewels and ashes
15 # i be glad jennifer lopez # here without you 3 door down # intuition jewel # baby boy beyonce # hey ya outkast
26 maroc 7 be a 1967 british thriller film direct by gerry o'hara and star gene barry elsa martinelli leslie phillips and denholm elliot . an international jewel thief hatch a plan to go to morroco and steal a valuable artefact .
18 meet boston blackie be a 1941 crime film star chester morris as boston blackie a notorious but honorable jewel thief . although the character have be the hero of a number of silent film this be the first talk picture . it prove popular enough for columbia pictures to produce a total of 14 b movie all star morris .
16 label design as use on first release cut-1)gas mask logo from 1980 and cd mount in jewel case cut-throat records also know as cut-throat productions be a record label create and run by canadian musician nash the slash . it have be active from 1978 to the present .
68 record label be usually black and white often use reversed colour on side two . another logo of a stylized gas mask with headphone be use on some cd release usually position with the mouth over the centre hole . nash have be use this logo since 1980 which pre-dates cd and by coincidence the original logo s mouth resemble the prong hold a cd in a standard jewel case .
26 these be follow in 1943 with shadow of night a scribners novel of which the chicago sun write structurally it have the perfection of a carve jewel ...a psychological novel of the first order and an adventure tale that be unique and inspiriting .
25 1679 jean françois paul de gondi cardinal de retz french churchman and agitator b . 1614 1680 thomas blood irish-born thief of the british crown jewel b . 1618 1683 john owen english non-conformist theologian b .
17 he could rise to the occasion when necessary . on great feast day he wear embroidery and jewel on his clothing and shoe . he have a golden buckle for his cloak on such occasion and would appear with his great diadem but he despise such apparel accord to einhard and usually dress like the common people .
49 the realism return with caravaggio s first painting on religious theme and the emergence of remarkable spirituality . the first of these be the penitent magdalene show mary magdalene at the moment when she have turn from she life as a courtesan and sit weep on the floor she jewel scatter around she . it seem not a religious painting at all ... a girl sit on a low wooden stool dry she hair ... where be the repentance ... suffer ... promise of salvation robb p.79 . robb be draw on bellori who praise caravaggio s true colour but find the naturalism offensive he caravaggio be satisfy with the invention of nature without further exercise his brain .
43 a new style of ceremony be develop emphasize the distinction of the emperor from all other person . the quasi-republican ideal of augustus primus inter pare be abandon for all but the tetrarchs themselves . diocletian take to wear a gold crown and jewel and forbid the use of purple cloth to all but the emperor . corcoran before constantine 43 potter 290 . his subject be require to prostrate themselves in his presence adoratio the most fortunate be allow the privilege of kiss the hem of his robe proskynesis προσκύνησις .
70 from 1447 to 1449 he be back at the vatican design the fresco for the niccoline chapel for nicholas v. the scene from the life of the two martyred deacon of the early christian church st . stephen and st . lawrence may have be execute wholly or in part by assistant . the small chapel with its brightly frescoed wall and gold leaf decoration give the impression of a jewel box . from 1449 until 1452 fra angelico be back at his old convent of fiesole where he be the prior .
46 when fra angelico and his assistant go to the vatican to decorate the chapel of pope nicholas then the artist be again confront with the need to please the very wealthiest of client . in consequence walk into the small chapel be like step into a jewel box . the wall be deck with the brilliance of colour and gold that one see in the most lavish creation of the gothic painter simone martini at the lower church of st francis of assisi a hundred year earlier . yet fra angelico have succeed in create design which continue to reveal his own preoccupation with humanity with humility and with piety .
11 backgroundreligion in england the outfit be heavily decorate with pattern and jewel . she face be pale she hair light brown . the backdrop be mostly black .
71 persians be among the first to use mathematics geometry and astronomy in architecture and also have extraordinary skill in make massive dome which can be see frequently in the structure of bazaar and mosque . the main building type of classical iranian architecture be the mosque and the palace . iran besides be home to a large number of art house and gallery also hold one of the largest and valuable jewel collection in the world .
16 in late 1987 there be an attempted takeover of hongkong land a real-estate company consider the jewel in the jardines crown as its property include some of the most prestigious office and commercial space in hong kong . the hostile bid which be ultimately unsuccessful have be lead by a group of hong kong tycoon include li ka-shing work together with the mainland s state-owned china international trust investment corp. as a result jardine matheson ask hong kong s securities and futures commission sfc for an exemption from the takeover and merger code in 1994 in order to give the company greater security if chinese party attempt a hostile takeover of its listed company after hong kong s 1997 handover from british to chinese sovereignty .
0 jewel may mean gemstone or jewellery jewel novel by bret lott
8 gemstone or jewellery jewel novel by bret lott jewel film a 2001 television film jessica jones a superheroine in the marvel universe jewel supermarket a u.s. grocery store chain
14 jewel film a 2001 television film jessica jones a superheroine in the marvel universe jewel supermarket a u.s. grocery store chain jewel food stores australia an australian grocery store chain jewel bearing use in sensitive measuring equipment
1 music jewel album a 1994 album by marcella detroit jewel records the name of several record label jewel song by ayumi hamasaki
16 jewel album a 1994 album by marcella detroit jewel records the name of several record label jewel song by ayumi hamasaki jewel song by bradley joseph on the 1997 album rapture
13 jewel records the name of several record label jewel song by ayumi hamasaki jewel song by bradley joseph on the 1997 album rapture
1 people jewel singer full name jewel kilcher american singer and actress jewel actress bear veronica sage american pornographic movie star jewel de'nyle bear stephany schwarz american pornographic movie star sometimes credit as jewel
5 people jewel singer full name jewel kilcher american singer and actress jewel actress bear veronica sage american pornographic movie star jewel de'nyle bear stephany schwarz american pornographic movie star sometimes credit as jewel
19 jewel singer full name jewel kilcher american singer and actress jewel actress bear veronica sage american pornographic movie star jewel de'nyle bear stephany schwarz american pornographic movie star sometimes credit as jewel jewel mische philippine/american actress winner of starstruck jewel staite canadian actress in firefly
15 second saturday world fair trade day be celebrate . third saturday be the preakness second jewel in the triple crown of horse racing . last monday in the united states memorial day a public holiday be on may 30 but observe on the last monday in may .
7 beside be rich with philosophical and religious jewel the epic also reveal complexity of human relationship in various dimension which can be relate even with the modern complexity of the human relationship .
100 at first the young player such as roger byrne bill foulkes mark jones and dennis viollet take time to bed themselves into the side slide to a low of eighth place in 1953 but the team win the league again in 1956 with an average age of only 22 score 103 goal in the process . the youth policy set in motion by busby have now become a hallmark of the most successful period in the club s history the mid-1950 mid-to-late-1960 and 1990s . busby s original crop of youth player be refer to as the busby babes the jewel in the crown of which be a wing-half name duncan edwards . the boy from dudley in the west midlands make his united début at the age of just 16 back in 1953 . it be say that edwards could play at any position on the field and many who see he play say that he be the greatest player ever .
54 family moctezuma be the son of huitzilihuitl the second aztec emperor and miahuaxihuitl the daughter of tezcacohuatzin also call ozomatzin or ozomatzinteuctli in some source the tlatoanus of cuauhnahuac who be also a sorcerer . accord to legend after huitzilihuitl s request for miahuaxihuitl be refuse by tezcacohuatzin he fire a hollow arrow contain jewel into miahuaxihuitl s palace and miahuaxihuitl miraculously become pregnant with moctezuma after swallow a jewel . this may be the origin of the name ilhuicamina . moctezuma would later wed chichimecacihuatzin his mother s niece .
69 family moctezuma be the son of huitzilihuitl the second aztec emperor and miahuaxihuitl the daughter of tezcacohuatzin also call ozomatzin or ozomatzinteuctli in some source the tlatoanus of cuauhnahuac who be also a sorcerer . accord to legend after huitzilihuitl s request for miahuaxihuitl be refuse by tezcacohuatzin he fire a hollow arrow contain jewel into miahuaxihuitl s palace and miahuaxihuitl miraculously become pregnant with moctezuma after swallow a jewel . this may be the origin of the name ilhuicamina . moctezuma would later wed chichimecacihuatzin his mother s niece .
17 nights into dreams.com . . nights wear a purple jester style hat and outfit with a red jewel shape like a diamond on his chest . nights gender be purposely leave ambiguous although generally refer to as a male . nights be not know to speak in the game although he do make noise when he be injure .
44 howard s prose be straightforward colorful and exciting more than subtle and literary and it attempt to entertain rather than instruct but it be not without sophistication . howard tell of world where violence be usually the best solution to problem and where gold jewel and beautiful woman be often the hero s reward yet distance himself from his inferior imitator howard s work have a shade of macabre even malignant humour in contrast his square-jawed hero effort with their ultimate futility in the greater picture of thing . and yet as true nietzschean hero they accept their toil of suffer bloodshed passion and pain without even lament or complain about it thus achieve ultimate freedom from it .
26 roswell-newmexico.com community of roswell website . walker air force base museum bitter lake national wildlife refuge straddle the pecos river bitter lake nwr be truly a jewel a wetland oasis inhabit by a diverse abundance of wildlife species . the refuge protect and provide habitat for some of new mexico s most rare and unusual creature . .
72 it may be colorless but be usually various shades of red blue green yellow brown or black . there be a unique natural white spinel now lose that surface briefly in what be now sri lanka . some spinel be among the most famous gemstone among they be the black prince s ruby and the timur ruby in the british crown jewels and the cote de bretagne formerly from the french crown jewel . the samarian spinel be the largest know spinel in the world weigh carat 0 g .
40 in 1738 soen nagatani develop japanese sencha 煎茶 literally roast tea which be an unfermented form of green tea . it be the most popular form of tea in japan today . in 1835 kahei yamamoto develop gyokuro 玉露 literally jewel dew by shade tea tree during the week lead up to harvesting . at the end of the meiji period 1868-1912 machine manufacturing of green tea be introduce and begin replace handmade tea .
42 the aztecs believe tlaloc reside in mountain cave thus his shrine in tenochtitlan’s pyramid be call ’mountain abode’ . many rich offering be regularly place before it especially those link to water such as jade shell and sand . mount tlaloc the jewel in the crown of tlaloc’s place of worship be situate directly east of the pyramid . it be exactly 44 mile away and a long road connect the two place of worship . on it be a shrine contain stone image of the mountain itself and other neighbouring peak .
62 david s faith in elijah be shake when he remember an incident from his childhood in which he almost drown . however elijah intuit that the incident be an encounter with his one viable weakness water . at elijah s suggestion he walk through a crowd in a philadelphia train station and witness crime perpetrate by stranger who brush past he a jewel thief a racist hate crime perpetrator and a rapist . the worst offender be a sadistic janitor hold a family hostage and torture they inside their home . david follow the janitor back to the victim house .
53 january 1 bouvet island be discover by french explorer jean-baptiste charles bouvet de lozier . february 24 battle of karnal the army of iranian ruler nadir shah defeat the force of the mughal emperor of india muhammad shah . march 20 nadir shah occupy delhi in india and sack the city steal the jewel of the peacock throne include the koh-i-noor .
37 nowadays it house two impressive museum and the national széchenyi library . the nearby sándor palace contain the office and official residence of the president of hungary . the seven-hundred year-old matthias church be one of the jewel of budapest . next to it be an equestrian statue of the first king of hungary king saint stephen and behind that be the fisherman s bastion from where open out a panoramic view of the whole city . statue of the turul the mythical guardian bird of hungary can be find in both the castle district and the twelfth district .
46 heroes ’ square be dominate by the millenary monument with the tomb of the unknown soldier in front . to the side be the museum of fine arts and the palace of arts and behind city park open out with vajdahunyad castle . one of the jewel of andrássy út be the hungarian state opera house . statue park a theme park with striking statue of the communist era be locate just outside the main city and be accessible by public transport .
41 the great god pan write 1890–1894 publish 1894 novella . first publish together with the inmost light as volume v in john lane s keynotes series . the inmost light 1894 a scientist imprisons his wife s soul in a shine jewel let something else into she untenanted body but the jewel be steal before he can reverse this ... the shine pyramid 1895 strange arrangement of stone appear at the edge of a young man s property . he and a friend attempt to decipher their meaning before it be too late ...
51 the great god pan write 1890–1894 publish 1894 novella . first publish together with the inmost light as volume v in john lane s keynotes series . the inmost light 1894 a scientist imprisons his wife s soul in a shine jewel let something else into she untenanted body but the jewel be steal before he can reverse this ... the shine pyramid 1895 strange arrangement of stone appear at the edge of a young man s property . he and a friend attempt to decipher their meaning before it be too late ...
5 feature wrigley field follow the jewel box design of ballpark that be popular in the early part of the 20th century .
36 catherine continue to accompany peter on his pruth campaign in 1711 . there catherine be say to have save peter and his empire . surround by overwhelming number of turkish troops catherine suggest before surrender she jewel and those of the other woman be use in an effort to bribe the grand vizier baltaji into allow a retreat . baltaji allow the retreat whether motivate by a bribe or consideration of trade and diplomacy . in any case peter credit catherine and proceed to marry she again this time officially at saint isaac s cathedral in st . petersburg on 9 february 1712 .
53 the nun be always in the white habit that he design from a medley of medieval type . these white robe of heavy material stress the nun other-worldliness amid the exotic native surroundings . the chief native character be robe in really brilliant hue particularly the general and his young nephew aglitter in jewel and rich silk . other native character bring into the film merely as atmosphere be clothe in more sombre hue with the usual native dress of the nepalese bhutanese and tibetan people tone down to prevent overload the eye with brilliance .
73 first and foremost david farrar s mr. dean all bare hairy leg insolence and roguish eye erupt into she convent the spirit of maleness embody . the holy father in the grounds issue a mute challenge to she faith . luxury desire pleasure humiliation all thrust in upon she in the form of the young general with his emerald and perfume and of kanchi the young jean simmons in dark panstick with a jewel in she nose and kathleen byron s famous pent up ravening portrayal of sr . ruth finally hold up a mirror of the abyss into which sr . clodagh too might fall and indeed only just escape in more way than one . as in clarissa samuel richardson s classic novel about prolong seduction and embattled virtue powell pit the chaste and steely deborah kerr against all these assailant and watch she thrash about with relish . while lovelace have to rape clarissa to achieve his end powell only have to show that mr. dean be right and sr . clodagh be mistake .
57 he display an extravagant love of personal splendor that gratify his sense of self-importance . pastor iv 1894 16 20ff . . after his death sixtus iv and a selected group of cardinal inspect the treasure lay up against expenditure against the turks they find fifty-four silver shell fill with pearl to a value of 300,000 ducat jewel and gold intend for refashion worth another 300,000 ducat and a magnificent diamond worth 7000 ducat which be send to cardinal d'estouteville to cover money he have advance to the pontiff . the coin be not immediately find . a cardinal s report to the duke of milan s ambassador relate in pastor vol .
20 lyle pp . 97–100 . thomas becket s shrine in the cathedral be demolish and all the gold silver and jewel be remove to the tower of london and becket s image name and feast be obliterate throughout the kingdom end the pilgrimage .
58 queen mary be know for set the tone of the british royal family as a model of regal formality and propriety especially during state occasion . she be the first queen consort to attend the coronation of she husband s and she own successor . noted for superbly bejewel herself for formal event she leave a collection of jewel now consider priceless .
9 rose-cross degree in freemasonry18° knight of the rose croix jewel from the masonic scottish rite
78 in 1932 jewel acquire the chicago unit of loblaw groceterias inc. then a chain of 72 self-service store as well as four chicago grocery store operate by the middle west stores company and begin operate they under the name jewel food stores inc. in 1934 jewel food stores merge with jewel tea company . in the 1960s and 1970s eisner food stores locate in downstate illinois and west central indiana lafayette west lafayette indiana be part of the jewel company some time in the early 1980s those store be convert to the jewel name . in 1981 jewel sell its home shopping service .
13 jewel grand bazaar from 1962 into the 1970 the chain operate an experimental jewel grand bazaar on the southwest side of chicago a store that encompass an entire city block at the northwest corner of 54th street and pulaski road . this store feature bulk packaging free sample on weekend and 24-hour service . see photo photo this experimental store be in service from 1962 until the 1980 s when it be reformat as a standard jewel-osco combo store .
56 see photo photo this experimental store be in service from 1962 until the 1980 s when it be reformat as a standard jewel-osco combo store . in 1977 a jewel grand bazaar be open at 6505 w. diversey in the brickyard mall . during the 1990s the diversey avenue grand bazaar be reformat to a regular jewel grocery store but continue to carry some of the traditional grand bazaar feature such as bulk food . with the reconstruction of the brickyard mall in 2003 the grand bazaar store be demolish and replace with a smaller jewel grocery store . rockford illinois also have a jewel grand bazaar .
0 jewel have also experiment with the market concept with smaller store in neighborhood . only one of these concept store remain in arlington heights il.
44 in 1961 the jewel companies inc. acquire the 31 osco drug store in six midwest state . in 1962 osco s headquarters be move from chicago s merchandise mart to melrose park illinois . it be also in that year that the first side-by-side jewel and osco store open . the early jewel osco combination combo store be two individual store separate by an interior wall and in some location a half-wall allow a customer to go back and forth between each store without have to go outside . osco s merger with jewel result in tremendous growth for osco .
16 although it have be call america s dead sea great salt lake — a lively recreational jewel . lynn arave deseret news . the lake provide habitat for million of native bird brine shrimp shorebird and waterfowl include the largest stage population of wilson s phalarope in the world . bird and great salt lake .
65 the cover of the booklet and the slipcase have the star wars trilogy special edition poster art . all the track be digitally remaster for superior clarity of sound although many fan claim the sound on the complete edition be muffle and lifeless as compare to the box set version . rca victor re-package the special edition set later in 1997 offer it in slimline jewel case packaging as an unlimited edition but without packaging that the original black booklet version offer . . .
52 union college adjacent to the ge realty plot be the oldest planned college campus in the united states . the union campus feature jackson s garden with eight acre 32,000 m² of formal garden and woodland and the unique 16-sided nott memorial building build in 1875 . central park be the crown jewel of schenectady s park . central park be the highest elevation point in the city . the common council vote in 1913 to purchase the land for the present site of the park .
53 in its last few year jacome s try several time to open branch store but could not borrow the necessary capital . the jacome family resolutely turn down all offer by national chain to buy the store and close down the business in 1980 . june webb-vignery a grande dame stripped of she jewel the last day of jacome s department store perspective in mexican american studies 1992 3 53-72
70 the distribution of this album be disorderly with some fan pre-ordering the album on his website up to a year before it be eventually ship to they and month after the record have go on sale in retail store . the retail edition have only four disc as it be miss the kamasutra disk . there be also two different packaging edition for retail one be in a 4-disc sized jewel case with a simplistic white cover and the love symbol in a colored circle the other be all four disc in a round translucent snap jewel case . the disc be the same as be the cd jacket . the newpower soul album release three month later fail to make much of an impression on the chart .
96 the distribution of this album be disorderly with some fan pre-ordering the album on his website up to a year before it be eventually ship to they and month after the record have go on sale in retail store . the retail edition have only four disc as it be miss the kamasutra disk . there be also two different packaging edition for retail one be in a 4-disc sized jewel case with a simplistic white cover and the love symbol in a colored circle the other be all four disc in a round translucent snap jewel case . the disc be the same as be the cd jacket . the newpower soul album release three month later fail to make much of an impression on the chart .
14 2005 — in may the community arts center debut complete the city ’s “crown jewel . ” the community arts center serve as a “bookend ” to the fairfield lane library which open at with village green .
54 since 1964 the watch of the first moscow factory have be mark by the trademark ПОЛЕТ transliterated as poljot which mean flight in russian and be a tribute to the many space trip its watch have accomplish . in the late 1970 poljot launch a new chrono movement the 3133 . with a 23 jewel movement and manual wind 43 hour it be a modify russian version of the swiss valjoux 7734 of the early 1970 . poljot 3133 be take into space by astronaut from russia france germany and ukraine . on the arm of valeriy polyakov a poljot 3133 chronograph movement-based watch set a space record for the longest space flight in history .
53 the railroad stringent requirement for accurate watch to safely schedule train drive improvement in accuracy . the engineer webb c. ball establish around 1891 the first precision standard and a reliable timepiece inspection system for railroad chronometer . temperature compensate balance wheel begin to be widely use in watch during this period and jewel bearing become almost universal . technique for adjust the balance spring for isochronism and positional error discover by abraham breguet m. phillips and l. lossier be adopt . the first international watch precision contest take place in 1876 during the international centennial exposition in philadelphia the win four top watch which outclass all competitor have be randomly select out of the mass production line on display be also the first fully automatic screw make machine .
31 the hand be still move mechanically by a wheel train . in mechanical watch the self wind mechanism shockproof balance pivot and break resistant white metal mainspring become standard . the jewel craze cause jewel inflation and watch with up to 100 jewel be produce .
42 the hand be still move mechanically by a wheel train . in mechanical watch the self wind mechanism shockproof balance pivot and break resistant white metal mainspring become standard . the jewel craze cause jewel inflation and watch with up to 100 jewel be produce .
46 the plot become considerably more complex when two stranger petruchio and lucentio arrive in town although not together . lucentio the son of the great vincentio of pisa instantly fall in love with bianca . petruchio for his part seem interested only in money and fine jewel .
60 they battle against the demon for one year and after the death of two king the dwarf who have not be kill flee from the misty mountains . for almost two decade they have no kingdom but in the year 1999 thráin i found a kingdom at the lonely mountain . this kingdom prosper for a time and the great jewel know as the arkenstone be discover .
53 one of sauron s goal in the third age be to recover as many of the seven as still exist . in the end only three survive dragon-fire and wind up in his clutch . the only evil perpetrate by the seven be to inflame a dwarf s already extant covetousness of gold jewel and work object and to allow the wearer to become wealthy . this wealth in turn attract dragons and most of the seven be incinerated along with their wearer . this be allude to at the council of elrond but it be state that the one be too mighty for any know dragon to destroy in this way .
45 the valar learn of this and see what melkor have do but it be too late to stop melkor . melkor himself know that he be discover have go to the home of the noldorin elf high king finwë and steal the noldorin elf prized jewel the silmarils kill the king in the process . melkor destroy the two tree of valinor with the help of ungoliant bring an endless night to valinor and flee back to middle-earth to his other stronghold angband .
44 as a result of the killing of king finwë the majority of the noldor lead by fëanor son of finwë the maker of the silmarils declare their rebellion and decide to pursue melkor ever after know as morgoth to middle-earth to win back their jewel and avenge their king . the noldor would not listen to manwë the lord of the valar tell they that they have themselves come to valinor of their own free will and that the valar have no desire to rule or control any of they . but manwë s messenger say also that if they choose to leave and to fight melkor on their own the valar would not help they and that they would suffer great pain and grief on their journey .
22 rene lalique biography at rlalique .com . lalique company with a biography of the artist from the company web site . lalique jewel in the museu calouste gulbenkian victoria and albert museum . . this be jersey article on st matthew s millbrook the glass church .
66 valparaíso play an important geopolitical role in the second half of the 19th century when the city serve as a major stopover for ship travel between the atlantic and pacific ocean by cross the strait of magellan . always a magnet for european immigrant valparaíso mushroom during its golden age when the city be know by international sailor as “ little san francisco ” or “the jewel of the pacific . ”
11 some such vase be rare expensive item decorate with gold and jewel use by royalty in europe .
46 certainly many regard this marriage as have occur too quickly after the king s death . anne stanhope somerset s proud wife dislike catherine and thomas and begin to turn many people in court against they . to demonstrate she hatred anne keep the queen s jewel which by right be catherine s .
78 lifejohn vi kantakouzenos his father s friend serve as his regent and co-emperor 1347–1354 after have fight a civil war 1341 1347 against the regency for young john v head by his mother anna of savoy the patriarch john xiv kalekas and the mega doux alexios apokaukos . force to fight john kantakouzenos who have usurp the throne during his minority john v become sole emperor in 1354 . in 1343 anna of savoy pawn the byzantine crown jewel for 30,000 venetian ducat . his long reign be mark by the gradual dissolution of the imperial power . in his reign the ottomans lead by suleyman paşa the son of the ottoman sultan take adrianople and philippopolis and exact tribute from the emperor .
7 at tobolsk she and she sister sew jewel into their clothing in hope of hide they from their captor since alexandra have write to warn they that she nicholas and maria have be search upon arrive in ekaterinburg and have item confiscate . their mother use predetermine code word medicines and sednev s belongings for the jewel . letter from demidova to tegleva give the instruction .
56 at tobolsk she and she sister sew jewel into their clothing in hope of hide they from their captor since alexandra have write to warn they that she nicholas and maria have be search upon arrive in ekaterinburg and have item confiscate . their mother use predetermine code word medicines and sednev s belongings for the jewel . letter from demidova to tegleva give the instruction . robert wilton last day of the romanovs 1920 p.30
49 to allow the haze to clear the gunman leave the room for some minute leave all the victim behind . when the gunman return dr botkin be shoot and the tsarevich alexei be slaughter one gunman repeatedly try to shoot or stab the boy in the torso . the jewel sew in his clothes protect he and finally another gunman fire two shot into his head . tatiana and olga be then kill by single bullet to the head .
38 the last victim maria anastasia and the maid demidova be on the floor beneath the room s one window . as the gunman approach maria stand and struggle with ermakov as he try to stab she . the jewel in she clothing shield she and ermakov claim that he kill she with a shot to the head . ermakov then struggle with anastasia fail to stab she and say he kill she too with a shot to the head . maria s skull show no trace of bullet wound and it be unclear how she die .
54 guildford have be capture on film in carry on sergeant . . which be film at the former queens barracks and the omen a scene from which be film at guildford cathedral . singer-songwriter robyn hitchcock have sing about the town in no i do not remember guildford a song from his 1999 album jewel for sophia . the university hall on the campus of the university of surrey be the site of the first ever lead zeppelin gig on 25 october 1968 .
53 that be the mouth of the river achelous which have be silt up . achelous himself god of that river promise he his daughter callirhoe in marriage if alcmaeon would retrieve the necklace and clothes which eriphyle wear when she persuade amphiaraus to take part in the battle . alcmaeon have give these jewel to phegeus who have his son kill alcmaeon when he discover alcmaeon s plan .
75 they allow he to proceed after gilgamesh convince they to let he pass state his divinity and desperation and he travel through the dark tunnel where the sun travel every night . just before the sun be about to catch up with he and with the north wind and ice lash he he reach the end . the world at the end of the tunnel be a bright wonderland full of tree with leaf of jewel .
44 on 6 june 1717 under the influence of law and the duc de saint-simon the regent persuade the regency council to purchase from thomas pitt for £135,000 the world s then largest known diamond a 141 carat 28.2 g cushion brilliant for the crown jewel of france . the diamond be know from then on as le régent .
7 urged on his horse adorned with precious jewel . over mannheim shine the horse s mane
45 the goony be soon reunite with their parent while the fratellis be arrest chunk offer to take sloth in to his home . as mikey consider this their last adventure rosalita a hispanic maid discover that mikey s marble bag contain a large handful of jewel take from the inferno and mikey s dad quickly estimate that its value be more than enough to save everyone s home . as the family celebrate they spot the inferno now free of the cave sail away on its own .
52 iconography in art and iconography huitzilopochtli be represent as a hummingbird or with just the feather of such on his head and left leg a black face and hold a scepter shape like a snake and a mirror . in the great temple his statue be decorate with cloth feather gold and jewel and be hide behind a curtain to give it more reverence and veneration .
56 in art the crown may be show be offer to those on earth by angel . apart from the traditional form crown also may be make of for example flower star oak leaf or thorn and be wear by other represent what the coronation part aim to symbolize with the specific crown . they often contain jewel .
40 special headgear to designate ruler date back to pre-history and be find in many separate civilization around the globe . commonly rare and precious material be incorporate into the crown but that be only essential for the notion of crown jewel . gold and precious jewel be common in western and oriental crown . in the native american civilization of the pre-columbian new world rare feather such as that of the quetzal often decorate crown so too in polynesia e .g .
45 special headgear to designate ruler date back to pre-history and be find in many separate civilization around the globe . commonly rare and precious material be incorporate into the crown but that be only essential for the notion of crown jewel . gold and precious jewel be common in western and oriental crown . in the native american civilization of the pre-columbian new world rare feather such as that of the quetzal often decorate crown so too in polynesia e .g . hawaii .
3 circlet coronet crown jewel diadem helmet
46 much of the ship be decorate to standard of luxury that be unequaled in a seagoing vessel of the time . these include a library with box collection of valuable oceanic specimen that be unknown to science at the time expensive painting and several collection of jewel . the nautilus also feature a lavish dining room and even an organ that captain nemo use to entertain himself in the evening . by comparison nemo s personal quarter be very sparsely furnish but do feature duplicate of the bridge instrument so that the captain can keep track of the vessel without be present on the bridge .
64 petsuchos greek Πετεσοῦχος be the greek rendition of the name give to the live crocodile at crocodilopolis in ancient egypt which be worship as a manifestation of the egyptian god sobek greek Σοῦχος . the name petsuchos mean son of sobek as the ancient egyptian word pet have a meaning of son or offspring . petsuchoi be worship as god and be adorn with jewel and gold . when the petsuchos die it be replace by another . their carcass be mummify like those of pharaoh and high priest .
31 tattoos brandon boyd be know for his mostly self design tattoo . on his forearm he carry the widely know buddhist mantra om mani padme hum roughly translate as hail the jewel of the lotus and under that be a koi fish in red ink design by friend and fellow bandmate josé pasillas ii . on the inside of his right arm he have several tattoo one once again incorporate the tibetan mantra and another design after a crop circle . follow the release of their album a crow left of the murder he get an elaborate back tattoo feature the common image of the all seeing-eye embed in a pyramid .
1 of jewel the ruby of heavenly body mars the planet mars be further associate with the metal iron in traditional alchemical/occultistic lore
21 since 1992 this annual town festival olathe sweet corn festival have be hold each summer dedicate to the region s agricultural jewel olathe sweet corn . the festival feature such entertainment as craft show karaoke local act like the anders brothers and concert by bigger name like three dog night in 1996 kansas in 1998 styx in 2004 leann rimes in 2007 travis tritt in 2008 and clint black in 2009 . any proceeds go to local non-profit group .
48 originally an auxiliary campus of the university of idaho and then a state college it become the second university in the state in 1963 . the isu campus be in pocatello with outreach program in coeur d'alene idaho falls boise and twin falls . the university s crown jewel be the square-foot 0 m 2 l.e. and thelma e. stephens performing arts center which occupy a prominent location overlook pocatello and the lower portneuf river valley . the center s three venue provide state-of-the-art performance space include the joseph c. and cheryl h. jensen grand concert hall . idaho state s athletics team compete in the big sky conference the football and basketball team play in holt arena .
62 huntley automall locate in front of prime outlet with good route 47 frontage it feature the dealer tom peck ford and huntley chevrolet . huntley village green be a shopping center on the east side of route 47 just north of prime outlet and across the street from del webb s sun city . this shopping center s centerpiece be regional grocer jewel osco . current outlot include a combine mobil gas station and culver s restaurant as well as a branch of mid america bank . a recent addition in 2005 add gift store hallmark as well as other shop include four seasons dry cleaners liberty tax service huntley realty world savings bank supercuts and subway .
72 warring-state fairy-tale book inuyasha romanized as inuyasha be a japanese manga series write and illustrate by rumiko takahashi . it premiere in weekly shōnen sunday on november 13 1996 and conclude on june 18 2008 . the series follow a time-traveling high school student a half-demon a lecherous monk a fox demon a demon slayer and a nekoma during the sengoku period as they seek to find all the fragment of the jewel of four souls and to keep they out of the hand of evildoer especially naraku .
27 plot see also list of inuyasha character the story begin with a flashback to feudal japan when the half-demon inuyasha raid a human village to steal the jewel of four souls a magical jewel that enhance its wielder s power and can grant a single wish . inuyasha hope to use the gem to turn himself into a full-blooded demon but be soon stop when kikyo the young miko of the village shoot he with a sacred arrow seal he onto the sacred tree goshinboku in the nearby forest . mortally wound kikyo tell she younger sister kaede to burn the jewel with she body to prevent it from fall into the hand of evil .
33 plot see also list of inuyasha character the story begin with a flashback to feudal japan when the half-demon inuyasha raid a human village to steal the jewel of four souls a magical jewel that enhance its wielder s power and can grant a single wish . inuyasha hope to use the gem to turn himself into a full-blooded demon but be soon stop when kikyo the young miko of the village shoot he with a sacred arrow seal he onto the sacred tree goshinboku in the nearby forest . mortally wound kikyo tell she younger sister kaede to burn the jewel with she body to prevent it from fall into the hand of evil .
94 the story begin with a flashback to feudal japan when the half-demon inuyasha raid a human village to steal the jewel of four souls a magical jewel that enhance its wielder s power and can grant a single wish . inuyasha hope to use the gem to turn himself into a full-blooded demon but be soon stop when kikyo the young miko of the village shoot he with a sacred arrow seal he onto the sacred tree goshinboku in the nearby forest . mortally wound kikyo tell she younger sister kaede to burn the jewel with she body to prevent it from fall into the hand of evil .
22 their old priestess kaede recognize kagome as the reincarnation of she sister kikyo when the centipede demon return kaede realize that the jewel of four souls have also be reborn in kagome s body . kagome free inuyasha so he can kill the centipede demon but after defeat it inuyasha again try to take the jewel for himself . kaede thwart he by place a magical rosary around his neck allow kagome to subdue he with a simple command .
1 the jewel of four souls attract more demon and the jewel be shatter into numerous shard that disperse across japan . even the individual shard be capable of grant great power and be eagerly seek by human and demon alike . kagome and inuyasha set out to collect the shard and restore the jewel of four souls .
10 the jewel of four souls attract more demon and the jewel be shatter into numerous shard that disperse across japan . even the individual shard be capable of grant great power and be eagerly seek by human and demon alike . kagome and inuyasha set out to collect the shard and restore the jewel of four souls .
53 the jewel of four souls attract more demon and the jewel be shatter into numerous shard that disperse across japan . even the individual shard be capable of grant great power and be eagerly seek by human and demon alike . kagome and inuyasha set out to collect the shard and restore the jewel of four souls . along the way they befriend shippo a small fox demon miroku a curse monk and sango a demon-slayer with a tragic past .
10 eventually naraku collect all of the shard and reassemble the jewel of four souls . although inuyasha defeat he naraku use his power as the jewel s owner to wish for kagome s soul to be trap inside it with his own which would allow naraku to survive within it in eternal conflict with she . naraku s wish can only be fulfil by trick kagome to also make a selfish wish to save herself but she have enough confidence in inuyasha and instead wish for the jewel to disappear forever .
61 all four film have also be release with english subtitle and dub audio track to region 1 dvd by viz media . the first film inuyasha the movie affections touching across time be release in japan on december 16 2001 . in the film inuyasha kagome shippo sango and miroku must face menomaru a demonic enemy bring to life by a jewel shard as they continue their quest for the shikon jewel shard . in the second film inuyasha the movie the castle beyond the look glass release on december 21 2002 the group defeat naraku and return to their normal life only to have to deal with a new enemy name kaguya .
40 these include national nature reserve and site of special scientific interest as well as national parks and areas of outstanding natural beauty . national trails be map out and negotiate in the first instance by ccw. protect area represent the jewel in the crown of the welsh environment . but ccw s conservation responsibility transcent these boundary and cover the whole of wales . wales have 70 national nature reserve three national park five area of outstanding natural beauty aonb and site of special scientific interest cover around 12 % of wales .
14 during a separation from wright in the mid 1990s penn dated singer and songwriter jewel . he be also the director of the original video for jewel s hit song you be meant for me . yuddy .com
56 locate throughout the grand lodge be detail hand-laid tile storyboard depict masonic theme . adjacent to the grand lodge building be the freemason s hall contain the maryland grand lodge museum . the museum have the desk that george washington resign his commission on prior to become president a rare latin bible from 1482 and some jewel and regalia of maryland s past grand masters .
33 medford and the law medford be home to some famous crime a few crooked officer of the medford police and mdc clarification need force pull off one of the biggest bank robbery and jewel heist in world history in 1980 rob the depositor trust bank over the memorial day weekend . the book the cop be robbers a convicted cop s true story of police corruption be base upon this event . citation need
45 later history silver treasure be find in 1996 in a pasture at the hamlet of westerklief show that wieringen in the 9th century be for a short time an operating base of vikings . the treasure be approx . 1.7 kilogram of silver coin and jewel and small silver ingot . it now can be see in the rijksmuseum voor oudheden in leiden . some year later be find smaller silver treasure from the same period which confirm the picture .
22 less than a mile north of the city of pipestone lie a pipestone quarry describe in native american legend as a square-cut jewel lie upon fold of shimmer green velvet . this be an accurate depiction of the red quartzite almost hide by the vast prairie grass . designated a national monument by the united states in 1937 the quarry be as rich in native american history as it be in the red stone for which it be name .
33 the business branch into hat make of buckrum or hat wire shape to the customer s wish . velvet satin fur chiffon silk or strawbraid cover the frame . genuine ostrich plume feather jewel buckle flower and ribbon provide the ultimate in decoration . the store know as rosies be locate near the current site of rieder s meat market and provide local lady with stylish clothing for over fifty year .
37 in recent year gentrification have begin to occur in the neighborhood and some of the area s historic house have be restore . the eastside park historic district be a state and nationally-registered historic place . the jewel of the neighborhood be eastside park and the mansion that surround it . in addition this section of paterson once have a large jewish population and there be still a synagogue leave . eastside park and what be commonly know as the upper eastside be locate in paterson s 3rd ward .
89 lady mosley s prison time fail to disturb she eccentric approach to life remark in she later year that she never grow fraise des boi that taste as good as those she cultivate in the prison garden . though prison be not something she would have choose she say it be still lovely to wake up in the morning and feel that one be lovely one when she compare she lot to the other woman incarcerate at holloway . accord to she obituary in the daily telegraph among she jewel be a diamond swastika .
43 the town be first settle around 1805 . the town of rose be create in 1826 from the town of wolcott . about 1840 a mass delusion take over the local inhabitant and they come to believe that a treasure of gold and jewel be bury within the town . in spite of many secret nocturnal excavation nothing be ever find .
41 stephenville be the birthplace of the popular playboy magazine playmate aliya wolf . it be the birthplace of the 1930s bandleader milton brown and famed heart surgeon dr. bud fraiser . it be also the home of ty murray and wife jewel . stephenville tx be also the eleventh song on jewel s 2006 album goodbye alice in wonderland . stephenville have a relatively quirky landmark install on the town square a large plastic cow bear the name moola .
8 he also write monograph on the portrait and jewel of mary stuart 1906 and james vi and the gowrie mystery 1902 . the somewhat unfavourable view of john knox present in his book john knox and the reformation 1905 arouse considerable controversy . he give new information about the continental career of the young pretender in pickle the spy 1897 an account of alestair ruadh macdonnell whom he identify with pickle a notorious hanoverian spy .
13 the red romance book 1906 the orange fairy book 1906 the portrait and jewel of mary stuart 1906 life of sir walter scott 1906 the story of joan of arc 1906
52 retrieve on 7 august 2007 . in july 1708 the duke of marlborough with his ally prince eugene of savoy win a great victory at the battle of oudenarde . on the way to the thanksgiving service at st paul s cathedral sarah engage in a furious argument with anne about the jewel anne wear to the service and show she a letter from the duke of marlborough which express hope that the queen would make good political use of the victory . the implication that she should publicly express she support for the whigs offend she and at the service sarah tell the queen to be quiet after anne continue the argument thus offend the queen still further . field p . 211 .
32 the packaging for Ænima be nominate for the grammy award for best recording package . the tool faq d11 . north american pressing of the album be package in a custom lenticular jewel case call a multi-image cd case in the liner note for the cover and interior disc tray . the cover art and other image in the liner note can be set behind the lenticular lens to create an effect of sequential animation . european pressing of the cd feature a standard case and the insert contain the cover of fictional tool release .
79 while boniface be consider the most probable choice due to his connection with the byzantine court baldwin be young gallant pious and virtuous one of the few who interpret and observe his crusading vow strictly the most popular leader in the host . with venetian support he be elect on 9 may 1204 and crown on 16 may in the hagia sophia at a ceremony which closely follow byzantine practice . during his coronation baldwin wear a very rich jewel that have be buy by byzantine emperor manuel i komneno for 62,000 silver mark . baldwin s wife marie unaware of these event have sail to acre . there she learn of she husband s election as emperor but die in august 1204 before she could join he .
1 the jewel of the village be bellapais abbey the abbey of peace build by monk of the premonstratensian order in the 13th century . it be a most impose ruin in a wonderful situation command a long view down to kyrenia and the mediterranean sea .
11 . 2006-06-23 . . the disc be release in a regular jewel box and a deluxe edition be release in a green fuzzy box . a two disk colored gatefold vinyl set be release with green and yellow disk with the yellow one have the mono mix on it and the green disc have the stereo version .
43 despite the name yeomen of the guard the opera concern rather the yeomen warders of she majesty s royal palace and fortress the tower of london popularly know as the beefeaters . these be guardian of the tower of london and the crown jewel who be select for this position as a reward for long and meritorious service to the crown . today they act as tour guide at the tower of london . the yeomen warders be often incorrectly refer to as yeomen of the guard which be actually a distinct corps of royal bodyguard .
11 it be record by contemporary chronicler that king john s crown jewel be lose cross the wellstream on 12 october 1216 when the baggage train of his army attempt to cross without a guide . king john have apparently take the safer route through wisbech in cambridgeshire . the king die a week later of dysentery and he be succeed to the throne by his 9 year old son henry iii .
32 action as prince after ascend the throne rainier work assiduously to recoup monaco s lustre which have become tarnish through neglect especially financial and scandal his mother princess charlotte take a noted jewel thief know as rené the cane as she lover . accord to numerous obituary the prince be face upon his ascension with a treasury that be practically empty . the holder of 55 percent of the nation s reserve the societé monégasque de banques et de métaux précieux be bankrupt .
23 with the plan come to fruition the rock turn into a villain again and side with vince and shane mcmahon as the crown jewel of the corporation stable . this be also a start of a double turn as mankind be kick out of the corporation and become a fan favorite . online world of wrestling . .
16 mca re-release the album as a two-cd set in 1984 . the cd be in separate jewel case and each have a miniaturised copy of the original artwork and lyric in the insert though it only include two panel of the magnificent triptych . mobile fidelity sound lab later publish it on a single gold-plated ultradisc in their original master recording series with a much improve reproduction of the artwork include a fold-out of the full original cover and with the substitution of an alternate take on eyesight to the blind . mca release a newly remix version on a single disc in 1996 complete with good artwork and a write introduction by richard barnes .
15 the packaging simply insert the normal australian release of under the pink in a double jewel case and alter the back insert artwork so that instead of be blank it feature the track listing of the second disc as well as production information for the song . the title more pink may be misleading as many of the b-side on the disc do not come from under the pink single but in fact from the 1992 album little earthquake and in one case from a christmas compilation . the length of this disc be 56 54 .
76 the technique of the six-pointed vault spread to saint-etienne in caen from which it influence the development of early gothic architecture near paris . adams a history of western art third edition p . 200 the system of rib vaulting in the choir be the earliest use of that technique in europe . croix gardner s art through the ages eighth edition p . 352 the historian frank barlow call the cathedral one of the architectural jewel of western christendom .
14 dizzy goo goo dolls do not say you love i m2m down so long jewel everlasting night dannii minogue everybody s free to wear sunscreen baz luhrmann
41 in life symond be morbidly introspective but with a capacity for action . robert louis stevenson describe he in the opalstein of talk and talker as the best of talker sing the praise of the earth and the art flower and jewel wine and music in a moonlight serenade manner as to the light guitar . beneath his good fellowship lurk a haunting melancholy . he be torment by the riddle of existence .
21 moebius use to draw a lot on notebook several of which be display at the occasion of exhibition . besides the jewel of the notebook numerous original drawing and comic strip have be also on display . moebius draw very quickly and be know as one of the fastest artist . moebius jean giraud video del maestro all opera"youtube .com
47 trump in turn have the 110,000 square foot 10,000 m² house completely restore to its original state . mar-a-lago originally have 115 room and a 9-hole golf course and sit on a strip of land between the atlantic ocean and lake worth . it be nickname the jewel of palm beach . mrs. post s other estate hillwood washington d.c. be operate as a museum display she french and russian art collection feature the work of faberge sèvres porcelain french furniture tapestry and painting .
58 while in hold mcmanus convince the other to join force to commit a robbery target corrupt nypd police officer who escort smuggler to their destination around the city . after the successful robbery the quintet travel to california to sell their loot to mcmanus fence redfoot peter greene . redfoot talk they into another job rob a purported jewel dealer . instead of jewel or money as they be tell he be carry the dealer have heroin . an angry confrontation between the thief and redfoot reveal that the job come from a lawyer name kobayashi pete postlethwaite .
34 after the successful robbery the quintet travel to california to sell their loot to mcmanus fence redfoot peter greene . redfoot talk they into another job rob a purported jewel dealer . instead of jewel or money as they be tell he be carry the dealer have heroin . an angry confrontation between the thief and redfoot reveal that the job come from a lawyer name kobayashi pete postlethwaite . the thief later meet with kobayashi who claim to work for keyser söze and blackmail they into attack a ship at san pedro harbor .
51 a king have an only son who become ill and all the attend doctor be at a loss of how to heal he . a wise person understand the only possible cure . he tell the king that he would have to desecrate the royal crown by remove its most precious jewel . this would have to be grind up and feed to the king s son . the king regret the loss to his majesty but immediately agree that the life of his son be more important .
37 this would have to be grind up and feed to the king s son . the king regret the loss to his majesty but immediately agree that the life of his son be more important . the jewel be ground and the solution be feed to the son . most of the cure fall to the ground but the son receive a few drop and become cure . conclude schneur zalman in defence of hasidic dissemination the king represent god and the son represent the jewish community who recognise the god of israel .
66 out of the house of life 1990 principally concern the adventure of de montalia on an 1810 archaeological expedition to egypt punctuate with long letter from st . germain which contain information she use to find artifact leave behind from his life there . however st . germain only appear as a character directly for a short period at the end of the novel . darker jewel 1993 be set in the russia of ivan the terrible . better in the dark 1993 be set in germany in the 10th century . mansions of darkness 1996 feature st . germain in spanish america in the 17th century .
49 it begin as couture and then branch out into ready-to-wear bear the label tiziani-roma make in england . lagerfeld and richards sketch the first collection in 1963 together . when they wind up with 90 outfit tiziani throw caution and invitation to the wind borrow catherine the great s jewel from harry winston and open his salon with a three-night wingding accord to one report in 1969 . lagerfeld design for the company until 1969 . elizabeth taylor be a fan of the label she refer to evan as evan tiziani and begin wear it in august 1966 .
9 historyantiquity and middle ages several skeleton potshard weapon and jewel be discover here date from the 5th and 6th century attest to seraing be inhabit in frankish time . the first mention of saran date from 956 when a carolingian farming domain extend on both side of the meuse river and own by someone name saran be donate to the abbey of sint-truiden . the whole territory soon pass to the bishopric of liège .
40 in his right hand he hold a branch of ivy symbol of dionysos . also part of his dress with row of geometrical fold be characteristically hellenistic in style . on his sword appear the buddhist symbol of the three jewel or triratana .
5 see also ceremonial weapon crown jewel rood the sceptre of charles v of france .
49 he spend a great deal of time with a washington dc stripper name priscilla sue galey . she go to hong kong with hanssen on a trip and on a visit to the fbi training facility in quantico va . wise 2003 p . 149 he give she money jewel and a use mercedes but cut off contact with she before his arrest when she fall into drug abuse and prostitution . galey claim that although she offer to sleep with he hanssen decline say that he be try to convert she to catholicism . cnn ex-stripper describe she time with accuse spy .
33 cardinal diplomat and politician who serve as the chief minister of france from 1642 until his death . mazarin succeed his mentor cardinal richelieu . he be a noted collector of art and jewel particularly diamond and he bequeath the mazarin diamond to louis xiv in 1661 some of which remain in the collection of the louvre museum in paris . his personal library be the origin of the bibliotheque mazarine in paris .
151 in pass between the armed camp to achieve an accommodation mazarin detect the weakness of the spanish general the marqués de santa-cruz and perceive that he desire to come to term without expose his army to combat . by emphasize french strength in the spanish camp mazarin effect the treaty of cherasco 6 april 1631 in which the emperor and the duke of savoy recognize the possession of mantua and part of monferrat by charles gonzaga and the french occupation of the strategic stronghold of pinerolo the gate to the valley of the po to the great satisfaction of richelieu and the king of france . richelieu be in particular impress by the young man s resourceful ruse and ask he to come to paris where he receive he with great demonstration of affection promise he great thing and give he a gold chain with the portrait of the king some jewel and a valuable ceremonial sword .
16 mazarin send to his father in rome a great sum of money and a casket of jewel for which he always have a great fondness as dowry for his three sister . service to the king of france seem to he the easiest route to a cardinal s hat his constant ambition . mazarin s ambition be a consistent theme of all his biography see for example geoffrey russell richards treasure mazarin the crisis of absolutism in france 1995 .
65 as the electric end bring jandek s electric phase to a close so do the fifteen-minute piano instrumental track the begin conclude this phase . the track demonstrate a degree of technical skill on the part of the artist with several surprisingly beautiful passage contrast with harsher section with the sustain pedal in abundant use throughout . it end abruptly not unlike the song european jewel incomplete from the 1978 album ready for the house as if the tape run out during the performance .
5 ackerman allan adams curtis aich jewel alexander c. a. claude alexander conlin alexander jay
11 the girl philippa 1916 the slayer of souls 1920 the flaming jewel 1922 the talker 1923 the yellow sign and other stories the complete weird tales of robert w. chambers 2001 ed . s. t. joshi collection of his horror and fantasy tale
38 fairfax arrive in london on 12 november 1645 . in his progress towards the capital he be accompany by applaud crowd . complimentary speech and thanks be present to he by both house of parliament along with a jewel of great value set with diamond and a sum of money . the king have return from wales and establish himself at oxford where there be a strong garrison but ever vacillate he withdraw secretly and proceed to newark to throw himself into the arm of the scot . oxford capitulate follow the final siege of oxford and by the end of september 1646 charles have neither army nor garrison in england follow the surrender of thomas blagge at wallingford castle after a siege conduct by fairfax .
15 in movie sequel be quite common . sometimes sequel have unrelated title such as the jewel of the nile the sequel to romance the stone or the dark knight sequel to batman begins but sometimes only a number be add to the original s title e .g . lethal weapon 2 spider-man 3 . subtitle be also frequent e .g .
41 donald lopez give a good discussion of this mantra and its various interpretation in his book prisoner of shangri-la tibetan buddhism and the west . lopez be an authoritative writer and challenge the stereotypical analysis of the mantra as mean the jewel in the lotus an interpretation that be not support by either a linguistic analysis nor by tibetan tradition and be symptomatic of the western orientalist approach to the exotic east . he suggest that manipadma be actually the name of a bodhisattva a form of avalokiteshvara who have many other name in any case include padmapani or lotus flower in hand . the brahminical insistence on absolutely correct pronunciation of sanskrit break down as buddhism be export to other country where the inhabitant find it impossible to reproduce the sound .
35 tāʾ the sixteenth letter of the arabic alphabet ta kana the た or タ kana in the japanese language ta really lung ta a shamanist and buddhist symbol of a horse bearing with three flaming jewel on its back . ta river a river in virginia usa tā romanization of the chinese character 他 he him or 她 she her or 它(it
31 the amica library . #record . there be other reference to japanese culture and puccini as well in some pressing when view at an angle the back of the album s jewel case have a vague image of a woman perhaps a geisha . a more direct reference to puccini may be find around the edge of the cd. this be the write lyric from puccini s opera in their original italian everywhere in the world the roving yankee take his pleasure and his profit indifferent to all risk .
39 fanny unwittingly drink an aphrodisiac and have sexual intercourse with mr. h. fanny conclude that sex can be have for pleasure not just love . mr. h put fanny up in a new apartment and begin ply she with jewel clothes art and more . after seven month fanny discover the mr. h. have be have sex with fanny s maid . fanny resolve to seduce will mr. h. s musclar curly-haired 19-year-old servant .
45 the papal tiara claim promoter of the claim that popes hold the title vicarius filii dei in past allege that the proof could be find on the papal tiara the papal crown on which they claim the word could clearly be see spell out in jewel . some protestant group in the past claim that it be a title possess by the pope . the claim be particularly strongly make by the seventh-day adventist church .
49 that one tiara which it be definitely know have be give to he by easter 1845 have be donate in 1834 . it do not contain any writing . nor give the large size of the three crown on it be there space between they to place letter in jewel in a way they could be see . only two tiara have any major writing at all . the belgian tiara of 1871 image 4 do not feature vicarius filii dei or word even remotely similar .
11 hoffman describe the word as have be spell out clearly in jewel . give that the delicate papier-mâché tiara be no longer wear it have only be create as a temporary crown in 1800 because no tiara be available in exile of the other potential tiara available only the 1820 tiara have sufficient space between the three crown to place letter big enough to be read . no evidence exist that that tiara ever contain jewel outside the three crown .
75 hoffman describe the word as have be spell out clearly in jewel . give that the delicate papier-mâché tiara be no longer wear it have only be create as a temporary crown in 1800 because no tiara be available in exile of the other potential tiara available only the 1820 tiara have sufficient space between the three crown to place letter big enough to be read . no evidence exist that that tiara ever contain jewel outside the three crown . gregory s own 1834 tiara image 3 have no room between the lower two crown for any large lettering nor be there any room at the top between the top crown and the monde to place readable lettering .
51 see an example of the meshing on the 1877 palatine tiara . it would not be possible to attach diamond freestanding to solid silver other than by a form of glue that would damage both the silver and the diamond . yet hoffman s description claim that the three layer of jewel be somehow freestanding and not part of any of the three crown .
40 tiara use in 1939 coronation only manufacture in 1877 the papal tiara use in the coronation of pope pius xii which be explicitly state in one website as be the tiara with the vicarius filii dei word spell out in jewel and diamond be in fact manufacture in 1877 and so could not have be the tiara with those word supposedly see in 1832 or 1845 . as pope pius xii s coronation be film and show in cinema around the world have his papal tiara contain such word they would have be capture by the camera and see by million worldwide in cinema . even if the actual placing of the crown on pius s head be not see clearly from a distance by film camera photographer be allow access be able to photograph the coronation from within a few foot of the supreme pontiff .
78 the terrible old man be a strange elderly man so old that no one can remember when he be young and so taciturn that few know his real name . he live alone in ancient house on water street in the town of kingsport . even among the local few know the detail of the old man s life but it be believe that he have captain east indian clipper ship in his youth and have accumulate great jewel and riches over his life . those who have visit the property have see bizarre collection of stone on the front yard and observe the old man carrying on conversation with bottle on his table . most local care to avoid the old man and his house .
18 works by aneirin at project gutenberg celtic literature collective the book of aneurin text and translation gathering the jewel llyfr aneirin include full colour image of the entire manuscript
9 she eldest son the prince regent claim charlotte s jewel at she death but the rest of she property be sell at auction from may to august 1819 . she clothes furniture and even she snuff be sell by christie s . baker kenneth 2005 .
60 frederick s final letter to victoria state that he will be commit suicide and that he be leave his entire estate to she . the violin however end up in the hand of frederick s chinese servant and he take it back to shanghai where he sell it to an antique dealer . the violin be repair but a small jewel be remove from the violin s scroll work . it go on display in the shop for over three decade before be sell to a young woman with she daughter during the 1930 .
10 vincente louis gigante be bear in manhattan to salvatore a jewel engraver and yolonda gigante a seamstress . his parent be first generation immigrant from naples italy and never learn the english language . vincent and his extended family relative settle in new york city and westchester county .
53 situate between the persian gulf and the indian ocean ormus be a by-word for wealth and luxury peter padfield tide of empires decisive naval campaigns in the rise of the west routledge 1979 p65 perhaps best capture in the arab saying ‘if all the world be a golden ring ormus would be the jewel in it’ . the city be also know for its licentiousness accord to account by portuguese visitor duarte barbosa one of the first portuguese to travel to ormuz in the late fourteenh century find
0 jewel more rich than ormus show
1 twelve jewel of islam the twelve jewel be a variant of the supreme mathematics and the supreme alphabet which be axiom by which one should live . # knowledge
6 twelve jewel of islam the twelve jewel be a variant of the supreme mathematics and the supreme alphabet which be axiom by which one should live . # knowledge # wisdom
62 know that she mother would not approve of she work in a cabaret she make it know that she new job be play for a dancing school . three week later the band move on to a better booking at the de luxe café where the entertainer include florence mills and cora green . from there the band move up to the jewel of chicago s night life the dreamland . here the principal entertainer be alberta hunter and ollie powers and there be no finer night spot in chicago . when king oliver s creole jazz band replace duhé s group at the dreamland oliver ask hardin to stay with he .
41 the war begin in europe also spread to north america – albeit very different in purpose and scale . notwithstand a formal agreement between france and england to preserve peace french policy in north america and the west indies the crown jewel of the english empire have be aggressive towards the english colony . action by louis include the invasion of english west indies in particular the divide island half french half english of st kitts in the north-east from acadia into maine and in the north amongst the indian tribe between canada new york and new england . guttridge the colonial policy of william iii in america and the west indies p . 45 .
48 damnatio memoriaethe domus aurea still lie under the ruin of the baths of trajan show here and the surround park .evidence of algae damage february 2007 after nero s death the golden house be a severe embarrassment to his successor . it be strip of its marble its jewel and its ivory within a decade . soon after nero’s death the palace and grounds encompass 2.6 km² c . 1 mi² be fill with earth and build over the baths of titus be already be build on part of the site in 79 ad. on the site of the lake in the middle of the palace grounds vespasian build the flavian amphitheatre which could be reflood at will with the colossus neronis beside it .
44 corwin also find dara wander about the battlefield and order some man to guard she . after assist in the battle and dispatch the threat he move to confront eric who have be wound during the battle . before he die eric pass the jewel of judgement to corwin and pronounce his death curse on the enemy of amber .
30 plot introductioncorwin explore the true amber and find the source of the black road in the damaged primal pattern . he learn that to repair the damage will require the jewel of judgement which he must retrieve from earth .
56 corwin take the pierced trump of martin to brand who admit stab martin through the trump in order to damage the pattern as part of his cabal s scheme to capture oberon . he try to persuade corwin to use the trump to kill bley and fiona as he be stab . he ask for the jewel to help he to restrain they but corwin be unconvinced .
11 corwin flee into the forest of arden hope to retrieve the jewel from earth . a manticora follow he but julian arrive and kill it . julian explain that the eric-julian-caine triumvirate arise only to oppose brand s cabal take the throne to prevent bley from claim it .
24 corwin proceed to earth musing on his new-found respect for julian . he arrive to find that the compost heap where he hide the jewel of judgment be go . with the help of bill roth he track down the heap but the jewel have be claim by a red-headed artist .
33 tir-na nog'th appear and benedict teleport himself there . brand appear shortly afterwards and try to persuade benedict to allow he to re-create the pattern . benedict refuse and brand partly-attuned to the jewel use it to freeze benedict in place . neither corwin nor benedict can now prevent brand from walk tir-na nog'th s pattern and fully attune himself to the jewel but the mechanical arm move of its own accord snatch the jewel and choke brand with the chain . brand teleport away leave the chain .
53 citation need in the end despite the financial problem by 1990 viking line have the largest and newest cruiseferry fleet in the world . ms cinderella be also the largest cruiseferry in the world when deliver in 1989 . in 1989 citation need slite start plan ms europa which be to be the jewel in the company s crown the largest and most luxurious cruiseferry in the world . unfortunately for they sweden enter a financial crisis during the construction of the ship which lead to devaluation of the swedish krona . this in turn mean that the cost for the europa increase by 400 million sek.
27 she attend to she hair with comb and mirror . the mirror be sometimes hold by a demon or a putto . other symbol of vanity include jewel gold coin a purse and often by the figure of death himself .
33 . however the scandal be keep quiet until after philippa s death after which the king lavish gift on perrers . she be give property and even a selection of the late queen’s jewel . dress in golden garment alice be parade as “the lady of the sun” by the king s command . gambier-parry t.r. alice perrers and she husband s relative the english historical review 47 1932 272-76 .
34 interpretation in piers plowman . washington d.c. the catholic university of america press 2002 . . in that work the lady represent to the dream narrator a woman of high status one adorn with jewel and fine robe but also a distraction and diversion from decent moral . braddy haldeen . chaucer alice perrers and cecily chaumpaigne .
57 pp . 2 . . all along the shore lay great fleet of vessel laden with rich merchandise . from the loom of benaras go forth the most delicate silk that adorn the hall of st . james and of versailles and in the bazaar the muslin of bengal and sabre of oude be mingle with the jewel of golconda and the shawl of cashmere
3 when sita s jewel be give back by sugriva to rama rama lament sita s absence remember the jewel she use to wear . lakshamana then give sita s toe-ring to rama in order to aid his grief . what be imply be that he have never look beyond the toe of sita .
18 when sita s jewel be give back by sugriva to rama rama lament sita s absence remember the jewel she use to wear . lakshamana then give sita s toe-ring to rama in order to aid his grief . what be imply be that he have never look beyond the toe of sita .
63 either the above or more abstract symbol especially cross national anthem royal and imperial hymn alongside such official hymn s custom may also recognize the national symbol value of very popular song such as the office of the head of state and in case of a monarchy often to some extent even after its political elimination certain of its regalia such as crown jewel the father of the nation and other founding father the mother of the nation and other found motherscommon unofficial national symbol
72 greyshirt solve kidnapping save the city from baby einstein tomorrow stories issue # 3 20 october 1999 and fight old enemy gangster like chucky frisco tomorrow stories issue # 7 12 april 2000 and vinnie assapunto . he also encounter spat katz now a wheelchair-bound old man who be kill by an old caretaker tomorrow stories issue # 2 9 september 1999 the mysterious monster name the lure who live in the jewel mine under indigo city and steal johnny apollo s soul greyshirt indigo sunset # 6 august 2002 and adolf hitler and the nazi party all reincarnate as cockroach . tomorrow stories issue # 11 29 august 2001
101 an early arabic work know as kitab al-magall or the book of rolls part of clementine literature state that nimrod build the town of hadâniûn ellasar seleucia ctesiphon rûhîn atrapatene telalôn and other that he begin his reign as king over earth when reu be 163 and that he reign for 69 year build nisibis raha edessa and harran when peleg be 50 . it further add that nimrod see in the sky a piece of black cloth and a crown . he call upon sasan the weaver and command he to make he a crown like it which he set jewel on and wear . he be allegedly the first king to wear a crown . for this reason people who know nothing about it say that a crown come down to he from heaven .
56 the team start out strong with a series of good result include a fantastic 2-1 victory over dc united in frigid condition on mls first kick and the first-ever event in the newest soccer stadium in america . herculez gomez go down in history as the first-ever player to score in the rapids brand new shine jewel of a stadium . however as the season progress the team endure a long winless streak that see they sink in the standing . colorado struggle with inconsistent result at the end of the season and ultimately finish just shy of a playoff spot .
6 initial name ostentation i .e . jewel . award i .e scouting ireland chief scout s award order of cúchulainn
14 yrsa then provide she son with a silver drinking horn fill with gold and jewel and a famous ring svíagris . then she give hrólf and his man twelve of the swedish king s best horse and all the armour and provision they need .
13 your name i shan't search for you be my hope you be the jewel of the pacific that be the lure of the five island your name forever hold
75 alexandre dumas père use a fictionalised version of the abbé in his famous novel the count of monte cristo . in the novel faria be a prisoner of the château d'if who instruct edmond dantès the protagonist and a fellow prisoner in a number of field include mathematics the science and foreign language and eventually help he to escape from the island prison . he also disclose to dantès the whereabouts of a hoard of jewel at monte cristo a small island near the italian coast before die from a cataleptic seizure . asif currimbhoy in his famous play “abbe faria narrate the dramatic situation of the life and view of a revolutionary priest and premier hypnotist.the title be publish by writers workshop . isbn 8171894410 9788171894413 81-7189-441-0 .
11 pointe-noire republic of congo hess christian a. 2006 . from colonial jewel to socialist metropolis dalian 1895--1955 . ph.d. dissertation university of california san diego . kuramoto kazuko .
56 she be fete by royalty and she recording for hmv always cost at least one shill more than any other singer s have their own distinctive mauve label as well . she also record extensively for victor when in the united states . before the war melba night be social event and the audience blaze with jewel . melba herself wear couture costume by worth of paris and she own jewel . the performing arts collection in melbourne hold a cloak make for melba to wear in lohengrin .
39 she also record extensively for victor when in the united states . before the war melba night be social event and the audience blaze with jewel . melba herself wear couture costume by worth of paris and she own jewel . the performing arts collection in melbourne hold a cloak make for melba to wear in lohengrin . melba have have to rescue this beautiful creation from the russian border guard despite the fact that she be travel for a command performance to the tsar .
73 in emma eames memoirs melba be an unnamed wicked force who frustrate opportunity after opportunity for eames . titta ruffo rosa ponselle mccormack luisa tetrazzini frances alda and other also speak of their unpleasant experience with melba . citation need an acerbic eame later in life aver that melba have a beautiful voice but of she portrayal of marguerite in gounod s faust illustration leave eames quip that she would have hang the jewel off she nose if she could citation need
26 as nothing be more easy than to think so nothing be more difficult than to think well . first century meditation 8 souls be god s jewel . first century meditation 15
25 both studio album be finally give an official cd release in japan in late 2007 both remaster in mini-vinyl replica . u.s. reissue in standard jewel box packaging follow in 2008 .
105 empress dowager cixi unsatisfied with she tomb order its destruction and reconstruction in 1895 . the new tomb be a lavish grandiose complex of temple gate and pavilion cover with gold leaf and with gold and gilded-bronze ornament hang from the beam and the eaves . in july 1928 empress dowager cixi s tomb be occupy by warlord and kuomintang general sun dianying and his army who methodically strip the complex of its precious ornament then dynamite the entrance to the burial chamber open empress dowager cixi s coffin throw she corpse say to have be find intact on the floor and steal all the jewel contain in the coffin as well as the massive pearl that have be place in empress dowager cixi s mouth to protect she corpse from decompose in accordance with chinese tradition . urban legend state that the large pearl on empress dowager cixi s crown be offer by sun dianying to kuomintang leader chiang kai-shek and end up as an ornament on the gala shoe of chiang s wife the famous soong may-ling but this be unconfirmed .
42 on march 29 2006 northwest airlines report that independence air would be rename compass airlines . the first flight route would be a twice daily service between washington dulles international airport and minneapolis-saint paul international airport beginning in early june 2006 . jewel gopwani 2006-03-30 . . .
32 after his father s death a court-appointed lawyer search through the late count s effect on behalf of his nine child to reclaim what remain of the family s dissipated fortune . jewel art-work and an exceptional medieval illustrated manuscript be find . these be auction off raise approximately us$ 14 million . soon after in the year 2000 however bailiff pursue henri for us$ 143,000 back rent after he flee the villa boileau a 17th century paris house he have occupy .
32 the witchblade be discover in modern time in greece by kenneth irons but before he find it it have many wielder . when not in use it can look like an ornate jewel encrust right-handed gauntlet . when wield by an unworthy user that person will lose their arm . it form a symbiotic relationship with the host who can hear the witchblade .
8 jikjisasouth gyeongsang ssanggyesa tongdosa one of the three jewel temple haeinsa one of the three jewel temple busan
13 ssanggyesa tongdosa one of the three jewel temple haeinsa one of the three jewel temple busan beomeosanorth jeolla
10 seonunsanorth pyeongan pohyonsa south jeolla songgwangsa one of the three jewel temple hwaeomsataejon musangsa jeju island
23 reservoir dog be the 1992 debut film of director and writer quentin tarantino . it portray what happen before and after a botched jewel heist but not the heist itself . reservoir dog star an ensemble cast with harvey keitel steve buscemi tim roth michael madsen quentin tarantino chris penn and lawrence tierney . tarantino have a minor role as do criminal-turned-author eddie bunker .
49 the canary island pine pinus canariensis be endemic to all the western canary islands whilst genista stenopetalum or sweet broom and spartocytisus supranubius a white broom know locally as retama del teide be native to la palma and tenerife . echium webbius a variety of echium virescen tower of jewel be endemic to la palma as be ceropegia fusca and ceropegia dichotoma variety of cardoncillo .
5 mrs. stone reportedly protect she jewel from the invader by hide they in the flour at the mill . citation need
17 she have the most beautiful headboard best tapestry best linen and cover best dish ring goods and jewel best cook and best everything . write chastelain 1405-1475 .
24 count solms who be kill . the duke of ormonde who be save by the large diamond on his finger . on see this jewel the french soldier who be at the point of kill the duke change his mind and decide that this man could be worth more alive than dead . the earl of galway be wound and take prisoner . but use the fact that he be french he manage to escape in the confusion .
17 neo-byzantine architecture have a small following in the wake of the 19th-century gothic revival result in such jewel as westminster cathedral in london and in bristol from about 1850 to 1880 a related style know as bristol byzantine be popular for industrial building which combine element of the byzantine style with moorish architecture . it be develop on a wide-scale basis in russia during the reign of alexander ii by grigory gagarin and his follower who design st . volodymyr s cathedral in kiev st nicholas naval cathedral in kronstadt alexander nevsky cathedral in sofia saint mark s church in belgrade and the new athos monastery in new athos near sukhumi . the largest neo-byzantine project of the 20th century be the temple of saint sava in belgrade .
61 the swell of new construction be kick off in 2001 with the building of the ted constant convocation center . this 8,600 seat arena have become the home of both man s and woman s basketball as well as a premiere venue for concert and other performance . the ted as it be affectionately call by student and alumnus be the jewel of a $ 55 million dollar 75-acre development know as the university village . expand the campus eastward across hampton boulevard the village be a mix of student apartment shop and restaurant and have become a destination for both student and the community . in 2008 a new spring hill suites hotel be complete along with the university s new bookstore .
56 branch s career begin with the release of broken bracelet an album release on the independent record label twin dragon records on june 1 2000 . its title be inspire by an occurrence at a lisa loeb concert she attend . before the concert begin musician steve poltz give she a bracelet make by pop singer jewel he tell michelle that when it break you will be famous . a year later the bracelet snap and she think nothing of it .
68 the name may be translate as earth treasury earth store earth matrix or earth womb . ksitigarbha be know for his vow not to achieve buddhahood until all hell be empty therefore he be regard as the bodhisattva of hell being . usually depict as a monk with a nimbus around his shave head he carry a staff to force open the gate of hell and a wish-fulfilling jewel to light up the darkness .
41 iconography traditional iconography in buddhist iconography ksitigarbha be typically depict with a shaven head dress in a monk s simple robe unlike most other bodhisattva who be dress like indian royalty . in his left hand ksitigarbha hold a wish grant jewel in his right hand he hold a monk s staff call in japanese a shakujo 錫杖 jingle staff which be use to alert insect and small animal of his approach so that he will not accidentally harm they . such a staff be traditionally carry by high ranking monk of chinese buddhist temple . usually ksitigarbha will sometimes be see wear a crown depict the five dhyani buddhas wear by tibetan and chinese monk in tantric ritual .
69 his new residence consist of ten building include the royal residence hemanta bas three guest house barsha bas sharad bas and grishma bas one office secretariat and one staff quarter . gyanendra and his family move into the two-storey hemanta bas . follow his departure the narayanhiti palace be turn into a museum while gyanendra s diamond and ruby-encrusted crown and royal sceptre along with all the other crown jewel and royal asset become government property . the royal family s departure from the palace be report as be a “major symbolic moment in the fall of the shah dynasty which have unify nepal in the 1760 . ” bbc news former nepal king to leave palace thaindian.com
50 he give a large banquet attend by nearly all the main character . timon give away money wastefully and everyone want to please he to get more except for apemantus a churlish philosopher whose cynicism timon cannot yet appreciate . he accept the art from poet and painter and a jewel from the jeweller but by the end of act 1 he have give that away to another friend . timon s servant lucilius have be woo the daughter of another old athenian . the man be angry but timon pay he three talent in exchange for the couple be allow to marry because the happiness of his servant be worth the price .
16 just before the battle of negotin his friend suggest to he that he send his gold jewel and other valuable to his family so they would not fall into turkish hand . but veljko refuse believe it would not be proper for a great haiduk and war hero to be slain and find penniless . veljko consider his personal reputation and glory more important than mere gold .
6 shooter jennings 1979 waylon jennings 1937-2002 jewel bear 1974 buddy jewell bear 1961 carolyn dawn johnson bear 1971
3 gomphrena goniolimon goodyera jewel orchid gordonia graptopetalum
6 pp . 110 . that the jewel metaphor be already widely use in indian religious metaphor before the tao te ching be write . in jainism too
26 in art the compound buddhist symbol shrivatsa within a triratana over a dharmacakra wheel on the torana gate at sanchi . 1st century bce. the three jewel be also symbolize by the triratna compose of from bottom to top a lotus flower within a circle . a diamond rod or vajra .
19 a diamond rod or vajra . an ananda-chakra . a trident or trisulum with three branch represent the threefold jewel of buddhism buddha the dharma and the sangha .
19 the triratna can be further reinforce by be surmount with three dharma wheel one for each of the three jewel of buddhism the buddha the dharma and the sangha .
31 your need be big because the internet be big . there be lot of small lean web browser out there that incidentally do almost nothing useful . but be a shine jewel of perfection be not a goal when we write mozilla . easter egg .
23 topiltzin quetzalcoatl be usually see with a plumed headpiece a curved baton the chicoacollus and a feather rimmed shield with the ehecacozcatl wind jewel emblem on it .
86 a few year earlier the king of loulan have die and with xiongnu support one of his son angui 安歸 succeed he and angui start a policy of befriending xiongnu and resist han particularly because luolan s geographical location mean that it be often order by han to escort its imperial messenger who be also rude to luolan official . huo send an imperial messenger fu jiezi 傅介子 to assassinate angui . fu accomplish this by claim that he be there to reward xiyu king with jewel and other precious item and then set a private meeting up with angui he stab he in the heart and then warn that any further action would bring a large chinese army he get the loulan noble to submit and make a brother of angui weituqi 尉屠耆 who be friendly to han king . loulan be rename shanshan . this incident be controversial in chinese history in that many historian believe that this be one incident in which an assassination of a foreign king be thoroughly unjustified particularly in the method it be carry out use jewel as bait .
111 fu accomplish this by claim that he be there to reward xiyu king with jewel and other precious item and then set a private meeting up with angui he stab he in the heart and then warn that any further action would bring a large chinese army he get the loulan noble to submit and make a brother of angui weituqi 尉屠耆 who be friendly to han king . loulan be rename shanshan . this incident be controversial in chinese history in that many historian believe that this be one incident in which an assassination of a foreign king be thoroughly unjustified particularly in the method it be carry out use jewel as bait . other historian believe that angui should be punish for his failure to submit .
76 7 § 7 the coat be the symbol of the earth the upper garment emblemized heaven while the bell and pomegranate represent thunder and lightning . the ephod typify the four element and the interwoven gold denote the glory of god . the breastplate be in the center of the ephod as the earth form the center of the universe the girdle symbolize the ocean the stone on the shoulder the sun and moon and the jewel in the breastplate the twelve sign of the zodiac while the miter be a token of heaven .
41 later that night an echo voice wake adora once more she silently walk into the room where he-man be be drain of his energy . she be draw to the sword again . the face of a woman appear in the jewel embed in the sword . the woman be the sorceress . she reveal to adora that she be kidnap by the horde when she be a baby and that she have a twin brother .
50 the song down be nominate for best hard rock performance at the grammy awards . this be the first album since their debut to feature the song title print on the back of the release . the cd be originally release as a digipak then later change to a standard jewel case .
22 rusell peter e. prince henry the navigator a life . new haven yale up 2000 . philippa present she three son with jewel encrust sword which they would use in their impending knighthood and give each a portion of the true cross “enjoining they to preserve their faith and to fulfill the duty of their rank” . prestage edgar . the portuguese pioneer .
13 it have elaborate packaging consist of a black cardstock sleeve cover the plastic jewel case with graphic of manson on both the front and back the latter of which be flank by the red superstar shock logo and the roman numeral ix vi iii and vii . the booklet contain picture of the band a visual worm-to-angel metamorphosis medical diagram print lyric to each song and liner note include traditional thanks and credit as well as a curious entry find under the lyric to the song irresponsible hate anthem state it be record live on february 14 1997 despite the album be release well before that in october 1996 .
36 the sire records us version of on contain only on 73-yips and xepha with early fade-out follow by the reload mix of on and it be house in an ecopak case instead of the standard slimline jewel case in which the warp uk release be package .
23 during the mexican day of the dead celebration child make candy in the shape of human skull and decorate they with icing and jewel . these calavera de azúcar sugar skull be eat after the festivity .
46 under mughal rule the family enjoy great influence and be accord confirmatory sanad by the emperors aurangzeb alamgir and farukhshayar confirm their jagir rights . rao nandlal chaudhary zamindar upon visit the court of delhi receive a special place in the emperor’s court along with two jewel stud sword now on display in the royal british museum under the family s name and confirmatory sanad . raja savai jai singh of jaipur a personal friend of his gifted he with a special gold langar which guarantee a special place to he in all the durbars of india . the family ’s respectability and influence over malwa be instrumental in the ascent of the peshwas and holkars to rulership of this region .
36 the cousteau family s underwater investigation and exploration lead to the purchase of the minesweeper calypso on july 19 1950 . loel guinness buy the ship and lease it to jacques . simone sell she family jewel for the calypso s fuel and she fur to buy a compass and gyroscope . 1 the calypso set off in 1952 on she maiden voyage to the red sea . simone be the only woman on board .
71 the kid be accompany on all their adventure by laptrap an anthropomorphic laptop computer who float in the air . note that although it be often spell as clue finders cluefinder or clue-finder even by source such as the internet movie database the series main title be properly spell as one word with the f capitalize . official cluefinder website as well as the fact that this spelling be use on jewel case .
96 the prince weep at the injustice he can now observe have be isolate from the reality of his society while he be alive . the prince ask the swallow therefore to remove the ruby that adorn his sword and give it to a poor seamstress with a sick child and the swallow move by his description do so . the swallow stay with the prince over the ensue week each week almost depart for the marvel of egypt but each time hold by the statue s plea each preface with swallow swallow little swallow... remove the jewel and gold cover the prince s body and distribute they in turn among those in need . each deed bring the swallow to a closer understanding of the beauty and brevity of human life . eventually through the long and bitterly cold winter the prince be completely denude of gold and jewel even as his friendship with the swallow deepen .
89 the swallow stay with the prince over the ensue week each week almost depart for the marvel of egypt but each time hold by the statue s plea each preface with swallow swallow little swallow... remove the jewel and gold cover the prince s body and distribute they in turn among those in need . each deed bring the swallow to a closer understanding of the beauty and brevity of human life . eventually through the long and bitterly cold winter the prince be completely denude of gold and jewel even as his friendship with the swallow deepen . the swallow finally and have stay for far too long to survive the bitter winter realize that he be die from cold . he return to say farewell to the prince who wish he joy and bade the swallow to kiss he on the lip in farewell .
105 the nightingale visit all the rose-tree in the garden and one of the white rose tell she that there be a way to produce a red rose but only if the nightingale be prepare to sing the sweetest song for the rose all night and sacrifice she life to do so . see the student in tear the nightingale carry out the ritual and impale herself on the rose-tree s thorn so that she heart s blood can stain the rose . the student take the rose to the professor s daughter but she again reject he because another man have send she some real jewel and everybody know that jewel cost far more than flower . the student angrily throw the rose into the gutter return to his study of metaphysics and decide not to believe in true love anymore .
110 the nightingale visit all the rose-tree in the garden and one of the white rose tell she that there be a way to produce a red rose but only if the nightingale be prepare to sing the sweetest song for the rose all night and sacrifice she life to do so . see the student in tear the nightingale carry out the ritual and impale herself on the rose-tree s thorn so that she heart s blood can stain the rose . the student take the rose to the professor s daughter but she again reject he because another man have send she some real jewel and everybody know that jewel cost far more than flower . the student angrily throw the rose into the gutter return to his study of metaphysics and decide not to believe in true love anymore .
45 as thorgal grow up he be curious about his origin and often ostracize by his peer for not be a real viking . on his eighth birthday leif give he two strange artifact take from the capsule he be find in . one be a jewel make from the metal that do not exist . the jewel bring thorgal on his first adventure and bind his fate forever with that of aaricia his future wife . when thorgal be twelve the other gift prompt he to visit an old wiseman who reveal to thorgal his origin and true identity .
33 on his eighth birthday leif give he two strange artifact take from the capsule he be find in . one be a jewel make from the metal that do not exist . the jewel bring thorgal on his first adventure and bind his fate forever with that of aaricia his future wife . when thorgal be twelve the other gift prompt he to visit an old wiseman who reveal to thorgal his origin and true identity . he tell he that he be one of the last survivor of a group of technologically advance space-farer who come to the planet in search of new energy source .
15 economy kaesŏng be dprk’s light industry centre . the urban district be equip with a jewel processing factory ginseng processing factory and an embroidery factory .
5 the crown include several famous jewel . the cross atop the crown be set with a stone know as st . edward s sapphire a sapphire take from the ring or possibly coronet of edward the confessor . the black prince s ruby actually a spinel be set on the front cross pattée .
20 it be also wear annually by the queen at the state opening of parliament . traditionally the crown and other jewel leave in their own carriage and arrive at the palace of westminster prior to the queen s departure from buckingham palace . they be then transport to the robing room where the queen don she robe and wear the crown .
28 the honours of scotland also know as the scottish regalia and the scottish crown jewels date from the fifteenth and sixteenth century be the oldest set of crown jewel in the british isles . the exist set be use for the coronation of scottish monarch from 1543 mary i to 1651 charles ii . since then they have be use to represent royal assent to legislation in both the parliament of scotland and scottish parliament and have also be use at state occasion include the first visit to scotland as sovereign by king george iv in 1822 and the first visit to scotland as sovereign by queen elizabeth in 1953 .
15 homestead mail order label 1929-1930 hot record society specialty label for the hot record society jewel + 1927-1932 liberty music shops specialty label for the liberty music shops lincoln + from 1929-1930
32 situate along the bank of the sipra the city have be eulogize by great poet like vedavyasa and kalidasa . vikramaditya the legendary emperor rule the city with his famous navratnas nine jewel include kalidasa shanku dhanvantari betalbhatta varruchi varahmihir kshapdak ghatkarpar and amar singh who epitomise different branch of knowledge .
55 kogălniceanu s nephew grigore himself a local leader of the conservative party and a major landowner marry to adela cantacuzino-paşcanu a member of the cantacuzino family . romanian silvia craus bijuterii mortale in ieşeanul march 7 2006 he die in 1904 leave his wife a large fortune which she spend on a large collection of jewel and fortune-telling séances . adela kogălniceanu be rob and murder in october 1920 rumor have it that she have be kill by she own son but this path be never pursue by authority who be quick to cancel the investigation at the time they be face with the major strike of 1920 .
41 buttons be often wood or plastic . kurtas wear on formal occasion might feature decorative metal buttons which be not sew to the fabric but like cufflink be fasten into the cloth when need . such buttons can be decorate with jewel enamel and other traditional jeweler technique .
10 gobeunok or gogok refer to comma-shaped or curved bead and jewel find in korea and japan . gogok be also sometimes romanize as kogok and kokkok or kokok . in japanese they be call magatama .
10 the origin of gogok be contest by archaeologist because these jewel be common in kofun tomb as well as in contemporaneous korean tomb . kofun culture one archaeologist james keally who believe gogok originate in japan cite the fact that gogok have be report in jōmon site in tohoku as early as about 1000 bce. because gogok have be find in neolithic and bronze age site in korea this claim be controversial .
44 the side panel fold down to become a horizontal surface for write and work . the interior of the desk be equip with small drawer pigeonhole etc. for storing papers and supplies . the bargueño have also be use for sew or as a jewel chest rather than just for reading or business activity .
14 official stux website stux gnu/linux at distrowatch apple powerbook duo 2300c with standard cd jewel case for size comparison .
10 tourism manipur as the name suggest be a land of jewel . its rich culture excel in every aspect as in martial art dance theater and sculpture . the charm of the place be the greenery with the moderate climate make it a tourist haven .
62 during the monarchy recipient of the order of st . andrew also automatically receive the order of st . alexander nevsky the order of the white eagle the order of st . anne first degree and the order st . stanislaus first degree . moreover recipient of lower rank be automatically promote to the rank of lieutenant-general or vice admiral . the jewel badge of the order of st . andrew obverse left and reverse right the insignia of the order consist of
58 in march 2002 he be extradite to new york and plead to charge of theft grand larceny smuggling bribery perjury and fraud against 19 victim . he be fine $ 9 million be order to pay $ 1.2 million in restitution and sentence to five year in prison . in switzerland the police have connect he with a jewel theft and bar he from the country until 2016 .
37 the last king of arthedainarvedui last king of arthedain flee to the ice-bay of forochel after his realm be destroy by angmar . the king approach the lossoth and attempt to barter with they for supplies with jewel in which the lossoth have no interest . fear the wrath of angmar the lossoth be at first unwilling to help . eventually the decision to aid the king be make in part out of fear of violence and partly out of pity for the ragged and emaciated condition of the king s fellowship .
19 early life matthew taylor be the adopt son of kenneth taylor a television script writer best know for the jewel in the crown and the camomile lawn .
25 the huge world-island of eurasia-africa majestically take the stage north side down . its diseased unlive soil hide its horror under a night-induced play of jewel . the radioactivity of the soil be a vast sea of iridescent blue sparkle in strange festoon that spell out the manner in which the nuclear bomb have once land a full generation before the force-field defense against nuclear explosion have be develop so that no other world could commit suicide in just that fashion again .
13 scottish chef john quigley of glasgow s red onion describe shortbread as the jewel in the crown of scottish baking . scotlandontv.tv .
28 proclaim buddhism a blessed field of wonderful fruit . this chapel like the dharma cave below it date from the seventh century . it contain a small ancient jewel encrust statue of avalokiteshvara and two of his attendant . on the floor below a low dark passage lead into the dharma cave where songsten gampo be believe to have study buddhism . in the holy cave be image of songsten gampo his wife his chief minister and sambhota the scholar who develop tibetan write in the company of his many divinity .
55 this be the chapel that contain the five golden stupa . the enormous central stupa 14.85 metre 49 ft high contain the mummified body of the fifth dalai lama . this stupa be build of sandalwood and be remarkably coated in 3,727 kg 8,200 lb of solid gold and stud with 18,680 pearl and semi-precious jewel . chorten of the fifth dalai lama in the potala palace in lhasa of tibet autonomous region on the left be the funeral stupa for the twelfth dalai lama and on the right that of the tenth dalai lama . the nearby stupa for the 13th dalai lama be 22 metre 72 ft high .
53 tomb of the thirteenth dalai lama the tomb of the 13th dalai lama be locate west of the great west hall and it can only be reach from an upper floor and with the company of a monk or a guide of the potala . build in 1933 the giant stupa contain priceless jewel and one ton of solid gold . it be 14 metre 46 ft high . devotional offering include elephant tusk from india porcelain lion and vase and a pagoda make from over 200,000 pearl .
14 the packaging of constellation s music also reflect this ethos they eschew the ubiquitous jewel case and ship their album in unique hand-designed cardboard package which be make as far as be possible by local artist and artisan . constellation say that they spend 3-4 time as much on develop packaging as the average label and that all of the packaging be hand-made by a small in-house team . constellation » accueil
81 eco-tourism be by far the major source of tourism income in la paz as people come to enjoy its marine wonder as well as its diverse and often unique terrestrial species endemic to the region . there be some 900 island and inlet in the gulf of california with 244 now under unesco protection as world heritage bio-reserves and the espiritu santos islands group which border the south eastern portion of the bay of la paz and be consider the crown jewel of the island of the gulf also refer to as the sea of cortez/mar de cortes the primary tourist destination of the area . its diving snorkeling and kayaking be consider second to none .
20 contact dermatitis 6 4 287 288 . doi:10.1111/j.1600-0536.1980.tb04935.x zink b.j. otten e.j. rosenthal m. singal b. 1991 the effect of jewel weed in prevent poison ivy dermatitis . journal of wilderness medicine 2 3 178–182 . html abstract
2 m.g. ramchandran jewel of the mass the hindu politics and suicide in tn all about dr mgr
14 the title of the work in hebrew mean four row in allusion to the jewel on the high priest s breastplate . each of the four division of the work be a tur so a particular passage may be cite as tur orach chayim siman 22 mean orach chayim division chapter 22 . this be later misunderstand as mean tur orach chayim chapter 22 to distinguish it from the corresponding passage in the shulchan aruch so that tur come to be use as the title of the whole work .
77 melchior represent europe and middle age . from the 14th century onward large retinue be often show the gift be contain in spectacular piece of goldsmith work and the magi s clothes be give increase attentention . by the 15th century the adoration of the magi be often a bravura piece in which the artist can display their handling of complex crowded scene involve horse and camel but also their rendering of varied texture the silk fur jewel and gold of the kings set against the wood of the stable the straw of jesus s manger and the rough clothing of joseph and the shepherd .
38 further as radio equipment become less cumbersome less conspicuous and more sophisticated it afford the criminal element another mean to circumvent the law . to avoid tax etc. criminal smuggle liquor and to a lesser degree narcotic perfume jewel and even pinto bean . related encipher communication be pass by persistent anti-prohibitionist to protect their operation .
48 gabrielle be cold and uncaring to everyone . she be the only person who be educate in she family and read she book every day yet lack the patience to teach she son to read or write anything . over the year she sell two of she heirloom jewel from an italian grandmother to aid lestat the only person she love and care for . she live life through he he be the male part of she . she suffer a rapidly decline health due to bad winter and multiple childbirth .
51 this structure the tulapurushandana stand to the southwest of the vittala temple . consist of two carved granite pillar span by a carved horizontal granite transom . this be use on ceremonial day when scale be hang from the transom and the raya the emperor be ceremonially weigh against gold or jewel . the treasure be then distribute to brahmins or other in the city .
7 next be mota formerly motavia the shine jewel . once a dry desert planet infest with ant lion mota have be transform into a blue and green tropical paradise . domed farm grow crop and the water be regulate into dammed river .
31 npr . . due to an ongoing dispute with emi the album will not be release commercially . however the bbc report that danger mouse plan to release a full illustrated jewel case with a blank cd-r include in it . . . retrieve may 19 2009 .
11 rembrandthuis jodenbreestraat amsterdamafter she death at some time rembrandt give the jewel and ring which have belong to saskia to the wet-nurse geertje dircx a gesture not much appreciate by the uylenburgh family . a few year later geertje expect rembrandt to marry she but such an arrangement would have result in the loss of saskia s inheritance . when geertje move out and try to sell the jewellery rembrandt go to court and have geertje lock up in a madhouse in gouda .
46 she own a store call jade . she have a problem with she eye and fear she may go blind and she state that if she go blind she will die of not be able to see the beauty in thing . fujita claim that the jewel affect she eye .
103 wherever lovecraft come up with the idea he have use it before in his fiction notably in from beyond 1920 where the narrator mention a pale outre colour or blend of colour which i could neither place nor describe which turn out to be ultraviolet . robert m. price have point to a passage in edgar rice burroughs the god of mars describe the gem of barsoom w]here be the word to describe the glorious colour that be unknown to earthly eye where the mind or imagination that can grasp the gorgeous scintillation of unheard-of ray as they emanate from the thousand nameless jewel of barsoom robert m. price randolph carter warlord of mars black forbidden thing p . 68 .
75 the metro be use in several british sitcom include a white 5 door own by henpecked neighbour elizabeth in keep up appearances a brown 3 door give to audrey forbes-hamilton by richard devere in to the manor born and geraldine granger s mention of own one in the vicar of dibley . metro police car be use in the 1986 film clockwise a beige metro five-door be one of the getaway car use by the jewel heist gang in the 1988 film a fish call wanda and a metro also appear in a 1988 feature length episode of only fools and horses .
17 alpha gamma delta s flower be red and buff rose with green asparagus plumosa fern . the jewel be the pearl . the color be red buff and green . the mascot be a squirrel .
6 jets n'guns gold jewel match 2 jewel of atlantis jewel quest ii jewel quest iii
6 jewel quest mysteries jewel quest solitaire jewel twist journey the journeyman project
4 in a subplot two jewel thief max bernard fox and quincey roy kinnear steal the famous etoile de joie and hide the diamond in herbie s gas tank . it be also reveal that inspector bouchet jacques marin also know as double x be the mastermind behind the museum robbery though the fact of his scheme be reveal near the end of the movie . dean jones and don knotts in herbie goes to monte carlo .
47 stephen-henry join the first crusade along with his brother-in-law robert curthose . stephen s letter to adela form a uniquely intimate insight into the experience of the crusade s leader . the count of blois return to france in 1100 bringing with he several cartload of map jewel and other treasure which he deposit at chartres . he be however under an obligation to the pope for agreement make year earlier and return to antioch to participate in the crusade of 1101 . he be ultimately kill in an ill advise charge at the battle of ramla .
47 stand in their way be the sailor senshi five middle-school-aged girl perky usagi tsukino genius ami mizuno paranormally gifted shrine maiden rei hino tomboyish makoto kino and j-pop idol minako aino two being that appear to be sentient stuffed cat luna and artemis and tuxedo mask a jewel thief in search of a silver crystal .
43 lucas kendall the blue time force ranger a race car driver in the year 3000 and womanizer in any year . he be portray by michael copon . trip the green time force ranger a xybrian alien note by his green hair and jewel in his forehead the latter of which amplify his psychic power . he be portray by kevin kleinberg . katie walker the yellow time force ranger she be imbue with enhanced strength due to genetic engineering .
10 0304 be the fourth studio album by american pop singer–songwriter jewel release in the united states on june 3 2003 by atlantic records . inspire by the sudden success of score a number-one hit on the u.s. billboard hot dance club play chart with serve the ego —the final single from she previous effort this way—in early november 2002 jewel make a radical departure from previous musical effort and record 0304 a club-friendly record void of anything folk-like she have previously do .
34 . . it have strong sale for the first few week but from there on it slow down considerably with time . the music video for the first single intuition feature a more sexed-up jewel show cleavage and wear a white t-shirt spray with water although it be do in a tongue-in-cheek fashion .
69 by convention he be locate in the east of the diamond realm and be the lord of the eastern pure land abhirati the joyous although the pure land of akshobhya s western counterpart amitabha be far better know . his consort be mamaki and he be normally accompany by two elephant . his color be blue and his attribute include the bell three robe and staff along with a jewel lotus prayer wheel and sword . he have several emanation .
32 in east los angeles paulie join a group of perform conure own by ignacio cheech marin but be kidnap by benny mohr and begin a life of crime . in a botched jewel theft paulie fly down through the chimney of a house but be trap inside and abandon .
82 it gain in size by acquire smaller telephone company along the pacific coast such as sunset telephone telegraph in 1917 . purchase extend pacific telephone s territory into oregon washington and northern idaho on july 1 1961 however those operation be split off to become pacific northwest bell . entering into the 1980 pacific telephone have asset value at $ 14.5 billion make it the biggest of any of the 22 bells at&t wholly own which also make pacific telephone the crown jewel of the operating company . coll steve 1986 . .
57 the film s title be take from ian fleming s 1966 short story octopussy and the living daylights . however the film s story be original and the short story be narrate as a flashback by the main bond girl octopussy . in the film bond be assign the task of follow a general who be steal jewel and relic from the russian government . this lead he to a wealthy afghan prince kamal khan and his associate octopussy . bond uncover a plot to force disarmament in europe with the use of a nuclear weapon .
88 khan and gobinda leave before the countdown run out pass bond by the road on their way out but khan think that bond will be too late to stop the bomb . bond be chase by the police for steal the car but finally make his way into the circus disguise as a clown the very same clown disguise wear by the ill-fated 009 . he be capture try to explain that there be a bomb hide in the circus cannon but by show she one of the jewel she be suppose to smuggle he at least manage to convince octopussy who shoot open the canister reveal the bomb . the guard let bond go and he defuse the bomb just in time .
31 cast roger moore as james bond a british agent who replace 009 on a mission which take he to india . maud adams as octopussy the titular character who be a jewel smuggler and wealthy businesswoman . louis jourdan as kamal khan an exiled afghan prince with a penchant for fine food liquor jewel and atomic weaponry . kabir bedi as gobinda khan s strong and loyal bodyguard .
52 roger moore as james bond a british agent who replace 009 on a mission which take he to india . maud adams as octopussy the titular character who be a jewel smuggler and wealthy businesswoman . louis jourdan as kamal khan an exiled afghan prince with a penchant for fine food liquor jewel and atomic weaponry . kabir bedi as gobinda khan s strong and loyal bodyguard . steven berkoff as general orlov a soviet general who work with khan to bomb a us air base .
43 the police arrive at holmes residence to arrest joliffe but not before joliffe admit that he be the same joliffe involve in the catterdon diamond robbery . before depart with his prisoner inspector gregson of scotland yard show holmes and watson the empty jewel case find conceal in joliffe s room . the exploit of sherlock holmes chapter 8
8 absurd the man who flee be a convict jewel robber . it be obvious .
44 perhaps too obvious madam do it not strike you as somewhat singular that an ex convict though aware that his record be know already to your brother should steal a famous stone from his own employer and then conveniently condemn himself by secrete the jewel box under his mattress where even scotland yard could be rely upon to search
77 the association have more than 400 employee at its headquarters in chicago and its office in washington d.c. the paffenbarger research center prc locate on the campus of the national institute of standards and technology nist in gaithersburg maryland an agency of the american dental association foundation adaf and a department of the division of science . prc scientist conduct basic and apply study in clinical research dental chemistry polymer chemistry and cariology and be the crown jewel of the ada. the ada establish rigorous guideline for testing and advertising of dental product and the first ada seal of acceptance be award in 1931 . today about 350 manufacturer participate in the voluntary program and more than 1300 product have receive the seal of acceptance .
97 tintin have however choose the hour of their death to coincide with a solar eclipse and the terrify inca believe he can command their god the sun . afterwards the leader of the incas tell they the magic liquid mention in the precede volume be a coca-derivative use to hypnotize the explorer who have excavate rascar capac s tomb as punishment for their sacrilege . tintin convince he to break the curse and after swear on their own accord to keep the colony s existence secret they return to europe with a gift of incan gold and jewel while zorrino decide to stay with the incas .
6 madame agustine house it be a jewel of colonial architecture .
38 coyle s ice cream a baskin robbin s type ice cream shoppe . starbuck s a favorite place to hang out on main street and enjoy a cup of coffee . poppy s luncheonette this be a hidden jewel . you can not beat the price at poppy s and it remind one of the old 1950 s type diner establishment . many of the lunch dish seem home-made and breakfast offer s all the traditional favorite .
51 passenger train on the kalka-shimla railway route the kalka-shimla railway line construct in 1906 add to shimla s accessibility and popularity . the railway route from kalka to shimla with more than 806 bridge and 103 tunnel be tout as an engineering feat and come to be know as the british jewel of the orient . . in 2008 it become part of the unesco world heritage site mountain railway of india unesco . not only that there be a significant muslim population in the region before the partition of british india .
129 ‘having dwelt upon the nature of nirvana the buddha now explain its positive aspect and say that nirvana have the four attribute of the eternal bliss the self and the pure … the buddha say “o you bhiksus monks do not abide in the thought of the non-eternal sorrow non-self and the not-pure and have thing as in the case of those people who take the stone wooden piece and gravel for the true gem of the true dharma … in every situation constantly meditate upon the idea of the self the idea of the eternal bliss and the pure ... those who desirous of attain reality meditatatively cultivate these idea namely the idea of the self atman the eternal bliss and the pure will skilfully bring forth the jewel just like the wise person . ” kosho yamamoto mahayanism a critical exposition of the mahayana mahaparinirvana sutra the karinbunko tokyo 1975 p . 75
32 a large piece of jet from whitby . the coin be 23 mm or just less than one inch across.authenticating jet although now much less popular than in the past authentic jet jewel be value by collector .
54 retrieve march 1st 2008 in romania moldova bulgaria and macedonia under the name martenitsa Мартеница on march 1 . the day s name be the diminutive of march in romanian martie and thus mean something like little or dear march . nowadays man offer woman a talisman object also call mărţişor consist of a jewel or a small decoration like a flower an animal or a heart tie to a red and white string . martisor music ensemble . . .
2 file martisor jewel 1.jpg | mărţişor jewel . file martisor jewel 2.jpg | mărţişor plate jewel . file martisoare jewel 3.jpg | mărţişoare jewel .
6 file martisor jewel 1.jpg | mărţişor jewel . file martisor jewel 2.jpg | mărţişor plate jewel . file martisoare jewel 3.jpg | mărţişoare jewel .
10 file martisor jewel 1.jpg | mărţişor jewel . file martisor jewel 2.jpg | mărţişor plate jewel . file martisoare jewel 3.jpg | mărţişoare jewel . file martisore common 4.jpg | mărţişoare common use .
15 file martisor jewel 1.jpg | mărţişor jewel . file martisor jewel 2.jpg | mărţişor plate jewel . file martisoare jewel 3.jpg | mărţişoare jewel . file martisore common 4.jpg | mărţişoare common use .
19 file martisor jewel 1.jpg | mărţişor jewel . file martisor jewel 2.jpg | mărţişor plate jewel . file martisoare jewel 3.jpg | mărţişoare jewel . file martisore common 4.jpg | mărţişoare common use . file martisoare traditionale .jpg|traditional
23 file martisor jewel 1.jpg | mărţişor jewel . file martisor jewel 2.jpg | mărţişor plate jewel . file martisoare jewel 3.jpg | mărţişoare jewel . file martisore common 4.jpg | mărţişoare common use . file martisoare traditionale .jpg|traditional
6 he be among the navaratnas nine jewel at the court of the mughal emperor akbar . akbar give he the title miyan an honorific mean learned man .
39 zemeckis later state that the success of romance the stone allow he to make back to the future . supplement for the back to the future dvd. the film s success also lead to a sequel 1985 be the jewel of the nile without zemeckis at the helm but with douglas turner and devito all return . though it perform respectably its success do not match that of the original . a second sequel call crimson eagle be plan but never get past the development stage citation need .
43 while marry to sacha guitry she fall in love with french film star pierre fresnay . she divorce guitry for fresnay whom she do not marry but with whom she remain for life . love the spotlight she would be see drape with jewel and wear enormous hat . personify the grand diva she make a great spectacle wherever she go with she pet dog on a leash .
52 maría montez june 6 1912 september 7 1951 be a dominican-born motion picture actress who gain fame and popularity in the 1940 as an exotic beauty star in a series of filmed-in-technicolor costume adventure film . she screen image be that of a hot-blooded latin seductress dress in fanciful costume and sparkling jewel . she become so identify with these adventure epic that she become know as the queen of technicolor . over she career montez appear in 26 film 21 of which be make in north america and five in europe .
33 von brühl be at warsaw when his master die in 1733 and obtain the confidence of the electoral prince frederick augustus who be at dresden at the time by acquire the papers and jewel of his late father and bring they promptly to his successor . during most of the thirty year of the reign of august iii the saxon he be the major confidant of the king and the defacto head of the saxon court . for a time he have to acquiesce to the influence of old servant of the electoral house but after 1738 he be in effect sole minister .
4 one will find gem jewel and ruby of mind
12 so many yogi so many god and demon and sage so many jewel so many ocean so many source and manners of speaking
5 the grasberg mine fmcg's crown jewel soon become a source of violent trouble and terrible publicity below a mountain of wealth a river of waste which continue today . it be also the world s most profitable mine . papuan anger focus on world s richest mine
42 package the album be also know informally as tripod due to the three-legged dog on the front cover and a three-legged man frank lentini on the back . the compact disc be initially available in two version one with a transparent purple jewel case with a translucent yellow-green spine and the other with the color scheme reverse . the purple jewel case be currently out of print . the cassette edition feature a transparent purple cassette or transparent yellow-green case .
59 the album be also know informally as tripod due to the three-legged dog on the front cover and a three-legged man frank lentini on the back . the compact disc be initially available in two version one with a transparent purple jewel case with a translucent yellow-green spine and the other with the color scheme reverse . the purple jewel case be currently out of print . the cassette edition feature a transparent purple cassette or transparent yellow-green case .
68 they resound with cry of welcome to the teacher of every creed and the city be the resort of the lead man of each of the differing sect . shop be there for the sale of benares muslin of kotumbara stuff and of other cloth of various kind and sweet odour be exhale from the bazaar where all sort of flower and perfume be tastefully set out . jewel be there in plenty such as man s heart desire and guild of trader in all sort of finery display their goods in the bazaar that face all quarter of the sky . so full be the city of money and of gold and silver ware of copper and stone ware that it be a very mine of dazzle treasure . and there be lay up there much store of property and corn and thing of value in warehouses-food and drink of every sort syrup and sweetmeat of every kind .
34 theory to date scholarship have reach no consensus on the meaning of the poem produce a number of compete theory . jacob grimm 1835 identify menglöð old norse the one who take pleasure in jewel simek 2007 211 . with freyja . viktor rydberg 1889 identify svipdagr as freyja s husband Óðr menglöð herself as freyja and fjölsviðr represent odin rydberg 1889:510—515 . . hjalmar falk 1893 be incline to see the influence of grail-poem .
167 yoma 71b the biblical description continue without describe the shape or length of the ephod except by state that it be hold together by a girdle and have two shoulder strap which be fasten to the front of the ephod by golden ring to which the breastplate be attach by golden chain exodus 28:6-14 from this description it appear to have be something like a minimalist apron or a skirt with brace cheyne and black encyclopedia biblica though rashi argue that it be like a woman s ride girdle . jewish encyclopedia the biblical description also add that there be two engraved gem over the shoulder strap like epaulette make from shoham think by scholar to mean malachite jewish encyclopedia gems by jewish tradition to mean heliodor ibid . and in the king james version be translate as onyx and with the name of the twelve tribe write upon they the classical rabbinical source differ as to the order in which the tribe be name on the jewel . sotah 36a textual scholar attribute the description of the ephod in exodus to the priestly source and to a date later than the other mention of ephod peake s commentary on the bible biblical scholar believe that the ephod may have evolve over time into this highly ceremonial form from more primitive beginning the simple linen form describe in the book of samuel much like the manner in which the highly liturgical maniple evolve from an ordinary handkerchief . cheyne and black encyclopedia biblica
46 during the Árpád dynasty 1000 1301 the coronation insignia be keep in the coronation city of székesfehérvár . later the crown be house in one of three location visegrád in pest county pozsony present-day bratislava or buda . lajos kossuth take the crown and the coronation jewel with he after the collapse of the hungarian revolution of 1848 and bury they in a wooden box in a willow forest near orsova in transylvania . they be subsequently dig up and return to the royal castle in buda in 1853 .
10 at the end of the second world war the crown jewel be recover in mattsee austria on 4 may 1945 by the u.s. 86th infantry division . . . the crown jewel be transport to western europe and eventually give to the american army by the hungarian crown guard for safekeep from the soviet union .
31 at the end of the second world war the crown jewel be recover in mattsee austria on 4 may 1945 by the u.s. 86th infantry division . . . the crown jewel be transport to western europe and eventually give to the american army by the hungarian crown guard for safekeep from the soviet union . . . for much of the cold war the crown be hold at the united states bullion depository fort knox kentucky alongside the bulk of america s gold reserve and other priceless historical item .
55 after undergo extensive historical research to verify the crown as genuine it be return to the people of hungary by order of u.s. president jimmy carter on 6 january 1978 . most current academic knowledge about hungarian royal garment originate from this modern research . follow substantial u.s. political debate the agreement to return the jewel contain many condition to ensure the people of hungary rather than its communist government take possession of the jewel . . .
74 after undergo extensive historical research to verify the crown as genuine it be return to the people of hungary by order of u.s. president jimmy carter on 6 january 1978 . most current academic knowledge about hungarian royal garment originate from this modern research . follow substantial u.s. political debate the agreement to return the jewel contain many condition to ensure the people of hungary rather than its communist government take possession of the jewel . . .
14 the holy crown of hungary image # 2 sceptre image # 2 the crown jewel image
52 southern turn 60 in 1984 and his career continue to alternate between promise and disappointment . flash and filigree be reissue by arbor house with a new introduction by william burroughs and sandy lieberson now at fox hire he to work on a script call intensive heat base on the life of jewel thief albie baker but southern run into problem with his long-overdue new book call youngblood later retitle southern idyll – publisher putnam eventually demand the return of the $ 20,000 advance and the novel be never finish . in 1985 both candy and the magic christian be reprint by penguin and southern feature prominently in the howard brookner documentary on his old friend william s. burroughs .
27 to finance the coup the queen pawn the jewelry she have be give as a wedding gift by the state as well as some of the crown jewel belong to the state among they 44 diamond she have place in the queen s crown which she pawn in berlin to borrow money . the lady-in-waiting of the queen ulrika strömfelt inform the government that part of the crown jewel be miss . for this act she be later to receive the honorary title ständernas dotter daughter of the parliament and a pension of §2000 .
68 to finance the coup the queen pawn the jewelry she have be give as a wedding gift by the state as well as some of the crown jewel belong to the state among they 44 diamond she have place in the queen s crown which she pawn in berlin to borrow money . the lady-in-waiting of the queen ulrika strömfelt inform the government that part of the crown jewel be miss . for this act she be later to receive the honorary title ständernas dotter daughter of the parliament and a pension of §2000 . the government demand to inspect the crown jewel as it be the property of the state .
49 the lady-in-waiting of the queen ulrika strömfelt inform the government that part of the crown jewel be miss . for this act she be later to receive the honorary title ständernas dotter daughter of the parliament and a pension of §2000 . the government demand to inspect the crown jewel as it be the property of the state . the queen refuse as she do not recognise any right of the government to inspect anything . at the same time the king be take ill and the government retreat to allow he to recover give the queen time the get the diamond back to the inspection .
70 these symbol also link the deity to their follower for instance the nāgas magical creature who can change form between human and serpent be lead by virūpākṣa represent with a snake the gandharva be celestial musician lead by dhṛtarāṣṭra represent with a lute . the umbrella be a symbol of regal sovereignty in ancient india and the sword be a symbol of martial prowess . vaiśravaṇa s mongoose which eject jewel from its mouth be say to represent generosity in opposition to greed .
85 this crypt contain memorial of the civilization which exist in the united states and the world at large during the first half of the twentieth century . in receptacle of stainless steel in which the air have be replace by inert gas be encyclopedia history scientific work special edition of newspaper travelogue travel talk cinema reel model phonograph record and similar material from which an idea of the state and nature of the civilization which exist from 1900 to 1950 can be ascertain . no jewel or precious metal be include .
85 an actual dance card be typically a booklet with a decorative cover list dance title composer and the person with whom the woman intend to dance . typically it would have a cover indicate the sponsoring organization of the ball and a decorative cord by which it could be attach to a lady s wrist or ball gown . from the 19th century until world war i dance card for the elite of austria-hungary be often very elaborate with some even incorporate precious metal and jewel .
107 as one stand in the hall face the rubens chimney-piece to the leave through a glazed arch and door one look into an anteroom and hence the obviously name south entrance through a single pane of plate glass the largest ever produce at the time to the stunning panorama of the chiltern . to the right and through another glazed arch be the grand staircase a single flight of wide white marble step divide at the mezzanine level into two further flight to the arcaded gallery above . here on the stair be two of the most famous painting gainsborough s only known sporting picture and the jewel of the collection the drouais of madame de pompadour now in the national gallery . for this picture alone the british government pay almost as much as it could have pay for the remainder of the collection . either side of the stair in concave recess glass case be the family racing trophy ascot gold cups 2,000 guineas cup st . leger plate and the epsom derby trophy .
3 jewel case a jewel cd case be the original compact disc case that have be use since the compact disc be first release in 1982 . it be a three-piece plastic case measure 142 mm × 125 mm × 10 mm 5.59 in x 4.92 in x 0.39 in which usually contain a compact disc along with the liner note and a back card . two oppose transparent half be hinge together to form the casing the back half hold a media tray that grip the disc by its hole .
0 jewel case be occasionally use for dvd as well as cd but generally not for those that contain major film release . blank blu-ray disc media be also most commonly sell in standard-width jewel case .
33 jewel case be occasionally use for dvd as well as cd but generally not for those that contain major film release . blank blu-ray disc media be also most commonly sell in standard-width jewel case .
5 the success of the cd jewel case design stem in part from its common form factor . give the restriction to a common form manufacturer have seek to compete on cost rather than via product variation . a form of destructive competition have follow .
34 give the restriction to a common form manufacturer have seek to compete on cost rather than via product variation . a form of destructive competition have follow . citation need although the original cd jewel case of the 1980s and 1990s be of a higher quality and stiffer design most jewel case on the market today be considerably lighter and less durable than the original design . in part this have be to cater to automated packing machine that prefer lighter box . in the worst case the rear cover be so spongy it may be easily bend by hand .
52 accord to philips the name reflect either the generally high quality of the case design compare to initial attempt or its appearance . accord to one publication initial attempt at packaging cd be unsatisfactory . when the new design by peter doodson be find to be virtually perfect it be dub the jewel case . another publication a jewel of an idea philips quote doodson describe that he specify polished rib as they pick up the light and shine and state that the result appearance lead to the name .
35 accord to one publication initial attempt at packaging cd be unsatisfactory . when the new design by peter doodson be find to be virtually perfect it be dub the jewel case . another publication a jewel of an idea philips quote doodson describe that he specify polished rib as they pick up the light and shine and state that the result appearance lead to the name .
12 weaknesses there be a number of issue with the format of the jewel case . the structure have a weakness in that the case be hinge on two brittle plastic arm which often break if the case receive shock or stress . likewise the tooth of the hub hold the disc be also prone to failure by snap .
9 variation double album can either be package in standard-thickness jewel case with hinged media tray which can be lift up to reveal the second disc or in a double jewel case sometimes call a multi-cd jewel case which be slightly larger than two normal jewel case stack on top of each other and can hold 4 or even 6 cd . double jewel case do not fit in some cd rack however some rack have a few extra wide slot specifically to accommodate they .
29 variation double album can either be package in standard-thickness jewel case with hinged media tray which can be lift up to reveal the second disc or in a double jewel case sometimes call a multi-cd jewel case which be slightly larger than two normal jewel case stack on top of each other and can hold 4 or even 6 cd . double jewel case do not fit in some cd rack however some rack have a few extra wide slot specifically to accommodate they .
35 variation double album can either be package in standard-thickness jewel case with hinged media tray which can be lift up to reveal the second disc or in a double jewel case sometimes call a multi-cd jewel case which be slightly larger than two normal jewel case stack on top of each other and can hold 4 or even 6 cd . double jewel case do not fit in some cd rack however some rack have a few extra wide slot specifically to accommodate they .
44 variation double album can either be package in standard-thickness jewel case with hinged media tray which can be lift up to reveal the second disc or in a double jewel case sometimes call a multi-cd jewel case which be slightly larger than two normal jewel case stack on top of each other and can hold 4 or even 6 cd . double jewel case do not fit in some cd rack however some rack have a few extra wide slot specifically to accommodate they .
62 variation double album can either be package in standard-thickness jewel case with hinged media tray which can be lift up to reveal the second disc or in a double jewel case sometimes call a multi-cd jewel case which be slightly larger than two normal jewel case stack on top of each other and can hold 4 or even 6 cd . double jewel case do not fit in some cd rack however some rack have a few extra wide slot specifically to accommodate they .
6 the intend successor to the original jewel case which be now gain ground be the super jewel box a more advanced design which offer amongst other improvement a greatly strengthened hinge area . unfortunately the super jewel box cannot be use as a direct replacement for the older jewel case design as its card insert for the back be slightly different in size . however in many other way it be an attractive concept and some cd manufacturer for example the high-end company linn be supply they .
36 the intend successor to the original jewel case which be now gain ground be the super jewel box a more advanced design which offer amongst other improvement a greatly strengthened hinge area . unfortunately the super jewel box cannot be use as a direct replacement for the older jewel case design as its card insert for the back be slightly different in size . however in many other way it be an attractive concept and some cd manufacturer for example the high-end company linn be supply they . the depth of the disc tray be also greater allow for two disc to be place on top of each other .
48 the intend successor to the original jewel case which be now gain ground be the super jewel box a more advanced design which offer amongst other improvement a greatly strengthened hinge area . unfortunately the super jewel box cannot be use as a direct replacement for the older jewel case design as its card insert for the back be slightly different in size . however in many other way it be an attractive concept and some cd manufacturer for example the high-end company linn be supply they . the depth of the disc tray be also greater allow for two disc to be place on top of each other .
48 however in many other way it be an attractive concept and some cd manufacturer for example the high-end company linn be supply they . the depth of the disc tray be also greater allow for two disc to be place on top of each other . the super jewel box be develop by philips and other cd-format developer originally in a larger format as a dvd case and then in smaller format as cd case .
7 in the standard cd height the super jewel box be the conventional case for super audio cd sacd a taller form midway between cd and dvd-video size be the conventional case for dvd-audio and as of mid-2006 the case format for all album release by the universal music group in europe . citation need
5 many alternative to the standard jewel case may also be find include the popular digipak wowwallet and jakebox and larger dvd-style case with a more book-like shape . it be not uncommon to find cd house in custom case tin and box of vary shape and size . slipcase and other envelope-type design be also use .
5 some dualdisc be package in jewel case of a somewhat different design from the cd version the inside edge be round instead of flat and the physical position of the disc be move slightly toward the spine to make room for a latch mechanism . the overall dimension of a dualdisc case be roughly the same as a standard cd case . however the hinge mechanism be smaller and cannot be dismantle as easily as on a standard jewel case .
78 some dualdisc be package in jewel case of a somewhat different design from the cd version the inside edge be round instead of flat and the physical position of the disc be move slightly toward the spine to make room for a latch mechanism . the overall dimension of a dualdisc case be roughly the same as a standard cd case . however the hinge mechanism be smaller and cannot be dismantle as easily as on a standard jewel case .
1 smaller jewel case be use for 8 cm cd and dvd media similar case without the hub be use for minidisc and magnetic zip disk media .
1 slimline jewel case a black side slim case
1 slimline jewel case first gain popularity as case for european-made cd singles and have become a common space-saving packaging for burned cd-roms. the case use for european cd singles be 7mm thick with a j-card type inlay show cover art through the front of the case and also through both the spine and part of the back of the case . the cd itself be usually insert upside-down in the case so that the artwork on the disc itself show through the transparent back of the case .
2 most slim jewel case sell for burn cd-rom use the measure 142 mm × 125 mm × 5 mm 5.59 in x 4.92 in x 0.2 in which be roughly half the thickness of a standard cd jewel case allow twice as many cd to be store in the same space and will generally fit two to a slot in a standard cd rack . they generally do not have room for a full package insert booklet only a slip of paper for a track listing or cover art show only through the front of the case . unlike the standard jewel case slimline case be make of two piece rather than three and do not have a place for a back label .
37 most slim jewel case sell for burn cd-rom use the measure 142 mm × 125 mm × 5 mm 5.59 in x 4.92 in x 0.2 in which be roughly half the thickness of a standard cd jewel case allow twice as many cd to be store in the same space and will generally fit two to a slot in a standard cd rack . they generally do not have room for a full package insert booklet only a slip of paper for a track listing or cover art show only through the front of the case . unlike the standard jewel case slimline case be make of two piece rather than three and do not have a place for a back label .
101 most slim jewel case sell for burn cd-rom use the measure 142 mm × 125 mm × 5 mm 5.59 in x 4.92 in x 0.2 in which be roughly half the thickness of a standard cd jewel case allow twice as many cd to be store in the same space and will generally fit two to a slot in a standard cd rack . they generally do not have room for a full package insert booklet only a slip of paper for a track listing or cover art show only through the front of the case . unlike the standard jewel case slimline case be make of two piece rather than three and do not have a place for a back label .
4 external marketing packaging the jewel box of a music cd be originally package for retail sale in a large cardboard box call a longbox in order to fit in store fixture design for vinyl record offer larger space for display of artwork and marketing blurb and deter theft . this packaging be much-criticized as environmentally wasteful and be eventually drop by most retailer in the mid-1990 though major record company continue to ship cd to wholesale club such as costco and sam s in longbox into the 21st century .
27 this also become an annoyance to people who have to deal with remove the sticker often tear it and/or leave a residue of the sticker on the jewel case . to counter this problem various specialty tool be sell to make it easy to quickly cut the sticker in half for easier removal or to make it easier to open the case . in the absence of such tool a common technique be to partially dismantle the jewel case by remove the front panel from the bottom video and then reassemble the case after the sticker be remove .
77 this also become an annoyance to people who have to deal with remove the sticker often tear it and/or leave a residue of the sticker on the jewel case . to counter this problem various specialty tool be sell to make it easy to quickly cut the sticker in half for easier removal or to make it easier to open the case . in the absence of such tool a common technique be to partially dismantle the jewel case by remove the front panel from the bottom video and then reassemble the case after the sticker be remove . this technique be know to be useful to some hardcore collector who carefully remove the sticker try not to tear it and use it as a proof of authenticity attach it to some other surface of the jewel case .
106 to counter this problem various specialty tool be sell to make it easy to quickly cut the sticker in half for easier removal or to make it easier to open the case . in the absence of such tool a common technique be to partially dismantle the jewel case by remove the front panel from the bottom video and then reassemble the case after the sticker be remove . this technique be know to be useful to some hardcore collector who carefully remove the sticker try not to tear it and use it as a proof of authenticity attach it to some other surface of the jewel case .
20 the q pack be develop by the queens group inc. in the mid 1990 as an alternative to regular cd jewel case . the queens group be purchase by shorewood packaging who be part of international paper . the q pack do not have a snap-in tray like a regular jewel case .
50 the q pack be develop by the queens group inc. in the mid 1990 as an alternative to regular cd jewel case . the queens group be purchase by shorewood packaging who be part of international paper . the q pack do not have a snap-in tray like a regular jewel case . it be characterize by the corrugated raised area where the top hinge to the back . since q pack case be not transparent generally cover art be apply a decal to the cover .
53 since q pack case be not transparent generally cover art be apply a decal to the cover . decal can also be apply to the inside front on the tray underneath the hub and the back cover . a slot for an insert booklet be find inside the front cover as on typical jewel case .
68 the term digipak refer to a particular type of cd case which essentially consist of a plastic cd tray glue inside a folding cardboard cover . though it once refer specifically to the patent digipak packaging the term have since become a genericized trademark generally use in reference to any cardboard-based cd package . despite be make of paper they be once consider a more environmentally-friendly alternative to jewel box . however they remain less common than jewel case due to higher manufacture cost and lower resistance to wear particularly shopwear .
51 though it once refer specifically to the patent digipak packaging the term have since become a genericized trademark generally use in reference to any cardboard-based cd package . despite be make of paper they be once consider a more environmentally-friendly alternative to jewel box . however they remain less common than jewel case due to higher manufacture cost and lower resistance to wear particularly shopwear .
32 the discbox slider also call dbs be a disc packaging concept in 100 % carton board find both in cd and dvd size packaging format . the dbs be comparable with plastic jewel or amaray case when it come to size but hold more of the feature of the lp style case in term of light weight and printability . the dbs case open up from the side by move the slider part on which the disc be rest from the sleeve . the discbox slider be also consider as one of the most environmental friendly cd or dvd packaging option as it be 100 % recyclable .
41 wowwallet the wowwallet be an eco-friendly cd/dvd packaging concept develop by uk manufacturer wewow ltd . central to this packaging concept be an emphasis upon the use of fsc accredit cardboard include the replacement of the traditional plastic tray use in jewel case and digipak . the use of fsc accredit stock means that the card use come from responsibly manage forest . wowwallet be print with vegetable base ink can be laminate with bio-degradable laminate and can even be finish with bio-degradable shrink-wrap .
9 even more recently cd manufacturer have encase standard cd jewel case in a cardboard slipcover to give the appearance of lp and allow more space for cover art . vitalic s album ok cowboy be one example of this style of packaging .
60 each be make of a single-piece plastic tray and closure which snap over the right edge of the front flap . the print flap be make of thin cardboard which wrap around the left edge and across the back of the tray to which it be glue . it have largely be replace with the dvd keep case and cd jewel case due to its flimsy design . warner brothers and new line cinema be the only major film studio to release dvd in this format .
68 most version of the nine inch nails album broken be release in digipak in which another panel be place over the cd so that the consumer could fold it down to reveal the disc . some keep case such as the special edition of total recall be externally line with aluminium . the original release of the pet shop boys 1993 album very be package in an orange jewel case with raised bump sometimes unofficially describe as the lego case design by daniel weil of pentagram in london . the bonus cd very relentless be similarly unique with the two cd house in card sleeve very in orange and relentless in pink with both of these house in a translucent rubber case with raise bump . another uniquely design cd case be for a cd release in the uk call the apple ep which contain four track each perform by artist sign to apple records .
62 their 1997 album lady and gentlemen we be float in space come in a pharmaceutical-style blister pack while its follow-up let it come down be distribute in a mould plastic case feature a concave relief of the lead singer s girlfriend . the tri-slim cd jewel case be another one-of-a-kind type of case . this case employ a standard size double cd jewel case and a precision card . the card be slip into the front side of the case where the booklet normally go and hold the 3rd disc in place . many feel the tri-slim cd jewel case be preferable triple slim case to the traditional type because it do not obstruct the rear trayliner card .
49 album live in the can be package in a cylindrical metal container . death metal band nile release 1000 copy of their album ithyphallic in pyramid shaped packaging . alice in chain 1995 self-titled album be first release with a limited number of cd in a purple and green jewel case . progressive death metal band opeth release the special edition for their 2008 album watersh in a jewel case-sized packaging which look like and open up like a letter . they also release limited edition of morningrise orchid and my arm your hearse in a cd-sized aluminum tin with embossed opeth logo on the lid and the cd be sit on a thin foam disk and be package with an opeth logo sticker .
27 the track listing be stick to the bottom of the tin . german punk band die Ärzte have several release with special packaging . up to 1994 jewel case be use . planet punk and le frisur be release in a cardboard packaging similar to digipak . runter mit den spendierhosen unsichtbarer
46 fontaine hall an academic and office building be construct on the north end follow by the james a. cannavino library right in the center of the main campus . build with a concentrated focus on technology the library be consider by campus planner to be the jewel and the heart of campus . the library be name for james a. cannavino a long-time member of the marist board of trustees and one of the country s lead technology visionary .
33 problem arise when they begin to study the grammar of a foreign language . # rich and influential people themselves often do not follow the grammatical rule of sp. sp be mostly a jewel for powerless middle-class career journalist teacher writer actor etc. .
10 at its launch the sc 430 be market as the jewel of lexus and as the marque s first convertible be intend as a more ostentatious addition to the lexus lineup . initial base price in the u.s. be $ 63,825 . reviewer from car and driver magazine praise the sc 430 for 2002 as an unqualified success call it comfortable fast smooth and quiet with all of the virtue expect in a patrician roadster .
18 promotionsingle want one s first single be i do not know what it is release in a slim-line jewel case on july 26 2004 in the uk. rufuswainwright.com . .
13 jack be the toast of the merchant . he be allow to transport jewel as freight which give he a significant cut of the profit as a reward . while in india canning confront stephen and they challenge each other to a duel . during the duel canning shoot stephen in the rib but stephen hit can in the heart .
34 more local be the yellow-flowered s. wulfenius and s. grandiflorum and the beautiful limestone houseleek s. calcareum . more rare be s. dolomiticum and mainly s. pittonius . s. pittonius be a small yellow-flowered jewel which grow only on two mountain slope near kraubath in the mur valley in austria and be very threaten .
18 gary sinise and the lt . dan band sweet home chicago goo goo dolls feel the silence remix jewel hand josh groban february song los lonely boys heaven
45 the shape of grotto can vary from that of a rounded hut with conical or triangular ceiling . the wall be often decorate with magical relief . the corpse paint with red ochre like the tomb s wall be bury together with common life object jewel and tool . accord to archaeologist giovanni lilliu they be bury under shell of mollusc accord to other theory they be leave outside the tomb be put inside only after they have reduce to a skeleton .
34 nkt-ikbu dharma centres be mixed community of lay and ordain practitioner who be all on the same teaching program . he also promote the development of local teacher in their own language . wishfulfill jewel for dharma practitioners the benefit of the foundation and teacher training programs by geshe kelsang gyatso . 1990-10 . retrieve 2009-03-12 . this be a departure from most tibetan buddhist centres where monastic take precedence over lay people monk take precedence over nun and tibetans take precedence over westerners .
68 during the nazi occupation of czechoslovakia during world war ii prague castle become the headquarters of reinhard heydrich the reich protector of bohemia and moravia . it be say that he place the bohemian crown on his head old legend say that a usurper who place the crown on his head be doom to die within a year . mirna solic the gate open to the bohemian crown jewel at radio prague . less than a year after assume power heydrich be assassinate .
56 it move to its current location in 1989 and occupy 45,000 square foot 4,000 m² on the 2nd 3rd and 4th floor of the miller center formerly know as eastman place . the sibley music library currently hold almost 750,000 item range from 11th century codex to the latest composition and recording . consider among its jewel be the original draft of debussy s impressionistic masterpiece la mer . this be the largest private collection of musical material in the americas .
4 describe itself as the jewel in the crown of the black and white village trail pembridge have a history stretch back at least eight hundred year and be notable for its many timber-framed building . as a result it have be possible to date the construction of many of they use tree ring count technique with remarkable accuracy . in some case this have allow date to the precise season in which they be erect not just the year .
30 sometimes a turkish harem pant be wear extremely full and gather tight at the ankle . the fabric be bright in color and flower . the shah reward performer with jewel so many costume have elaborate gold embroidery pearl beading and gemstone . upon the head be wear an egret a small paisley-shaped hat adorn with jewel pearl and a feather . hair be wear long and elaborate with side lock and bang fashion into shape .
40 the fabric be bright in color and flower . the shah reward performer with jewel so many costume have elaborate gold embroidery pearl beading and gemstone . upon the head be wear an egret a small paisley-shaped hat adorn with jewel pearl and a feather . hair be wear long and elaborate with side lock and bang fashion into shape .
9 a face-lifted version rename the rover 25 internal codename jewel be launch in autumn 1999 for the 2000 model year . this version use similar frontal styling to the larger 75 model . the chassis have be uprate to give sportier handling suspension and steering setup from 200vi and the front end have be restyle to give it the corporate rover look first see in the range-topping 75 a number of safety improvement and interior change be make but the 25 be instantly recognisable as a rework 200 series .
76 in 1970 the first genuine performance torana the gtr xu-1 be develop by holden along with harry firth of the holden dealer team for competition in popular series production race series in australia as well as in off-road rallying . however the main purpose of the torana gtr xu-1 be to keep holden competitive against the big and powerful ford falcon gt-ho v8s in the hardie-ferodo 500 bathurst endurance race that be consider to be the jewel in the crown of australian motorsport .
68 most of the movie start with egon come out of jail and be enthusiastically welcome by benny and kjeld . the three man will then have a beer together in the living room of kjeld s dilapidated home in a run-down valby neighbourhood . egon will inform his friend of his latest plan for make they all millionaire for example elude an alarm system to steal some crown jewel that happen to be on display in copenhagen and instruct they to provide the necessary equipment . the plan usually feature everyday artefact such as lego party balloon cigarette etc. which be combine to work like rube goldberg machine and clever social engineering . egon often serve time with lawyer or executive who provide he with the information he need such as duty roster for the national public record office .
36 posthumous appearance urquhart appear as the protagonist of alasdair gray s short story sir thomas s logopandocy include in unlikely story mostly the title take from urquhart s logopandecteision and some of the material pastich the jewel ekskybalauron . urquhart appear in the illustration throughout unlikely stories .
22 urquhart appear as a major character in the novel a hand-book of volapük by andrew drummond . urquart s language proposal the jewel as well as volapük esperanto and other construct language be prominent plot device in the novel .
3 fiona apple tamagotchi jewel ally mcbeal aqua s barbie girl
16 it be all your fault . it be always your fault . the money and the jewel and the gold and the so-forths victor s traditional litany of what they will steal
70 mpaa encryption of dvd movie use the css cipher and prohibit the distribution and use of decss while also have the effect of ban free/open source dvd player software . coded anti-piracy also call cap code as a way to put a forensic identification on the film to trace back illegal copy of film to the source . metal gear solid require a piece of information from the game s jewel case for the player to progress after a certain point make pirate copy effectively worthless without the original jewel case although the information can easily be find on the internet . microsoft remove windows vista and microsoft office from various torrent tracker earthbound mother 2 for the snes in addition to show warning screen and drasticly increase the number of enemy deliberately crash itself at the final giygas fight force the player to reset the game .
89 mpaa encryption of dvd movie use the css cipher and prohibit the distribution and use of decss while also have the effect of ban free/open source dvd player software . coded anti-piracy also call cap code as a way to put a forensic identification on the film to trace back illegal copy of film to the source . metal gear solid require a piece of information from the game s jewel case for the player to progress after a certain point make pirate copy effectively worthless without the original jewel case although the information can easily be find on the internet . microsoft remove windows vista and microsoft office from various torrent tracker earthbound mother 2 for the snes in addition to show warning screen and drasticly increase the number of enemy deliberately crash itself at the final giygas fight force the player to reset the game .
18 by the mid 1980s fenton be compose for big budget tv series include the multus bafta win the jewel in the crown 1984 and the the monocled mutineer 1986 .
34 1988 nominated bafta film award best score for cry freedom 1987 won bafta tv award best original television music for the monocled mutineer 1985 nominated bafta tv award best original television music for the jewel in the crown 1983 nominated bafta film award best score for gandhi 1982 won bafta tv award best original television music for bergerac also for the history man go gently the bbc news theme
25 nominated best original tv music for the blue planet won best original tv music for the monocled mutineer won best original tv music for the jewel in the crown nominated best original tv music for no country for old men nominated best original tv music for omnibus
25 the free-flowing nature of the river—without a single dam along its entire length—makes it especially prized among conservationist and be consider one of the crown jewel of the national wild and scenic river program .
21 koh-i-noor from pers . koh کوه mountain + arabic noor light . famous diamond that become part of the british crown jewel after the annexation of punjab by great britain in 1849 from persian kh-i-nr literally mountain of light koh-i-noor oed mark as not naturalized alien koh-i-noor . webster s third new international dictionary unabridged . merriam-webster 2002 .
55 the lettering use champlevé technique .ming dynasty queen s headdress with cloisonné enamel pearl gem and gold .early cloisonné technique cloisonné first develop in the jewelry of the ancient near east typically in very small piece such as ring with thin wire form the cloison . in the jewellery of ancient egypt include the pectoral jewel of the pharoahs thicker strip form the cloison which remain small . clark 67-8. for an example see pectoral and necklace of sithathoryunet metropolitan museum in egypt gemstone and enamel-like material sometimes call glass-paste be both use .
11 ...open face size 16 or 18 have a minimum of 17 jewel adjust to at least five position keep time accurately to within 30 seconds a week adjust to temp of 34 °f to 100 °f have a double roller steel escape wheel lever set regulator wind stem at 12 o'clock and have bold black arabic numeral on a white dial with black hand .
36 jewelled movement for more information see mechanical watch pocket watch make by the better watchmaker such as ball patek-philippe waltham hamilton elgin illinois tissot and rolex to name a few be often judge by how many jewel they have . jewel be small gemstone usually ruby but also diamond and sapphire which be insert into area of a watch-movement which receive high-level of motion in order to prevent wear of part and to help the watch run more smoothly . a lack of jewel would mean that metal part such as cogwheel would be rub directly against other metal fitting such as arbor which would cause significant wear-and-tear over time .
38 for more information see mechanical watch pocket watch make by the better watchmaker such as ball patek-philippe waltham hamilton elgin illinois tissot and rolex to name a few be often judge by how many jewel they have . jewel be small gemstone usually ruby but also diamond and sapphire which be insert into area of a watch-movement which receive high-level of motion in order to prevent wear of part and to help the watch run more smoothly . a lack of jewel would mean that metal part such as cogwheel would be rub directly against other metal fitting such as arbor which would cause significant wear-and-tear over time . the purpose of jewel together with proper lubrication-oil be to minimise just this kind of damage which a movement can do to itself .
75 pocket watch make by the better watchmaker such as ball patek-philippe waltham hamilton elgin illinois tissot and rolex to name a few be often judge by how many jewel they have . jewel be small gemstone usually ruby but also diamond and sapphire which be insert into area of a watch-movement which receive high-level of motion in order to prevent wear of part and to help the watch run more smoothly . a lack of jewel would mean that metal part such as cogwheel would be rub directly against other metal fitting such as arbor which would cause significant wear-and-tear over time . the purpose of jewel together with proper lubrication-oil be to minimise just this kind of damage which a movement can do to itself . 7 jewel be generally consider the lowest decent level of jewelling that a movement can receive .
74 jewel be small gemstone usually ruby but also diamond and sapphire which be insert into area of a watch-movement which receive high-level of motion in order to prevent wear of part and to help the watch run more smoothly . a lack of jewel would mean that metal part such as cogwheel would be rub directly against other metal fitting such as arbor which would cause significant wear-and-tear over time . the purpose of jewel together with proper lubrication-oil be to minimise just this kind of damage which a movement can do to itself . 7 jewel be generally consider the lowest decent level of jewelling that a movement can receive . these seven jewel would be find in the watch s escapement the mechanism which measure out the seconds and produce the watch s characteristic ticking sound .
56 a lack of jewel would mean that metal part such as cogwheel would be rub directly against other metal fitting such as arbor which would cause significant wear-and-tear over time . the purpose of jewel together with proper lubrication-oil be to minimise just this kind of damage which a movement can do to itself . 7 jewel be generally consider the lowest decent level of jewelling that a movement can receive . these seven jewel would be find in the watch s escapement the mechanism which measure out the seconds and produce the watch s characteristic ticking sound . other level of jewelling include 11 15 17 19 21 23 and 25 jewel .
43 the purpose of jewel together with proper lubrication-oil be to minimise just this kind of damage which a movement can do to itself . 7 jewel be generally consider the lowest decent level of jewelling that a movement can receive . these seven jewel would be find in the watch s escapement the mechanism which measure out the seconds and produce the watch s characteristic ticking sound . other level of jewelling include 11 15 17 19 21 23 and 25 jewel . 17 and 21 jewel be generally consider the standard on all modern well-made mechanical pocket watch .
57 7 jewel be generally consider the lowest decent level of jewelling that a movement can receive . these seven jewel would be find in the watch s escapement the mechanism which measure out the seconds and produce the watch s characteristic ticking sound . other level of jewelling include 11 15 17 19 21 23 and 25 jewel . 17 and 21 jewel be generally consider the standard on all modern well-made mechanical pocket watch . a high-quality pocket watch should have the movement s jewel-count engrave on the movement s top-plate .
45 these seven jewel would be find in the watch s escapement the mechanism which measure out the seconds and produce the watch s characteristic ticking sound . other level of jewelling include 11 15 17 19 21 23 and 25 jewel . 17 and 21 jewel be generally consider the standard on all modern well-made mechanical pocket watch . a high-quality pocket watch should have the movement s jewel-count engrave on the movement s top-plate .
51 edward vii to curzon’s disappointment do not attend but send his brother the duke of connaught who arrive with a mass of dignitary by train from bombay just as curzon and his government come in the other direction from calcutta . the assembly await they display possibly the greatest collection of jewel to be see in one place . each of the indian prince be adorn with the most spectacular of his gem from the collection of century . maharajahs come with great retinue from all over india many of they meet for the first time while the massed rank of the indian army under their commander-in-chief lord kitchener parade play their band and restrain the crowd of common people .
32 the event culminate in a grand coronation ball attend only by the highest ranking guest all reign over by lord curzon and more so by the stunning lady curzon in she glitter jewel and regal peacock gown . cory charlotte 2002 sunday times december 29th retrieve 3/14/2007 the delhi durbar 1903 revisit 1903 durbar extensive description
96 the sovereigns appear in their coronation robe the king-emperor wear the imperial crown of india with eight arch contain six thousand one hundred and seventy exquisitely cut diamond and cover with sapphire emerald and ruby with a velvet and miniver cap all weigh 34.05 ounce 965 g . they then appear at a darshan a sight at the jharoka balcony window of red fort to receive half a million or more of the common people who have come to greet they . the royal ark royal and ruling houses of africa asia oceania and the americasroyal jewel a feature film of the coronation title with our king and queen through india 1912 also know as the durbar in delhi be film in the early color process kinemacolor and release on 2 february 1912 . film the delhi durbar1911 film
44 this be an carat 0 mg marquise diamond know as cullinan vii one of the nine number stone cut from the cullinan diamond . the necklace be inherit by the queen in 1953 the royal collection she majesty queen elizabeth ii rcin 200134 royal jewel and be recently wear by the duchess of cornwall to a ball where she meet the norwegian royal family .
28 the assassination attempt by roselli be publicize in 1971 by jack anderson a washington post reporter and acknowledge by the cia in 2007 when it declassify the family jewel document .
3 see also family jewel cia kennedy assassination theoriesexternal links john roselli at the internet movie database
59 the famed coveted mustard yellow belt a cultural icon of sort be discover by ifoce member mike devito in 1993 after be lose for more than two decade in japan . devito receive the belt after win an eating match against orio ito of japan . the belt be restore by the shea brother and be now the crown jewel of the competitive eating world . it be previously hold by takeru kobayashi from 2001 to 2007 but be currently hold by joey chestnut .
64 the valley be introduce to the world as the valley of flower by frank s. smythe mountaineer explorer botanist who camp here for several week in the monsoon of 1937 and do valuable exploratory work . he author a book call the valley of flowers which unveil the beauty and floral splendour of the valley and thus throw open the door of this verdant jewel to nature-enthusiast all over the world .
44 the section of the blade nearest the hilt between the triforce and the crossguard be narrow possibly for use as an extra grip though link never use it this way . the crossguard be blue/purple and curve slightly away from the hilt . a jewel resemble a yellow cat s eye be set where the hilt meet the crossguard . the hilt be often pad red with a non-ornate blue pommel . in twilight princess and super smash bros. brawl the hilt be purple rather than blue .
58 in twilight princess and super smash bros. brawl the hilt be purple rather than blue . in the wind waker the sword be considerably shorter in length probably to fit the younger link s hand and the edge of hilt be close together until the sword have be charge . when fully charge the blade glow and the jewel on the hilt be a bright yellow . the glow effect be retain in twilight princess though to a lesser extent .
67 player that complete the quest also obtain linken s boomerang a nod to the boomerang link use in nearly every game . the master sword appear in shine soul ii and it can only be wield by warrior and ninja class . in hamtaro ham-ham heartbreak a dark cave with path lead back to the beginning similar to the lost woods hide a pedestal with three missing jewel marble in the center resemble the spiritual stones of ocarina of time and when all three be place a sword can be remove from the pedestal reveal it to be but a spoon with a fancy hilt .
21 . 2006 . . the first-press version of all four soundtrack include a deluxe plastic box container which replace the standard jewel case for the standard release version . an orchestral album of selection from the series score kokyo kumikyoku mobile suit gundam seed destiny be release on december 16 2005 and feature performance by the london symphony orchestra . .
102 the valar have capture melkor and place he in chain in aman after a war with he for the elves sake . after three ages he appear to repent and be release and he sow great discord among the elves and stir up rivalry between the noldorin king finwë s two son fëanor and fingolfin . with the help of the primordial spirit ungoliant he destroy the two tree and escape to middle-earth then out of jealousy and lust for the silmarils—three gem craft by fëanor that contain the light of the two trees—he steal they kill finwë who be guard the jewel .
12 while a far less ambitious project than fonthill wycombe abbey be a jewel of the romantic gothic style . the castellate 3 floored central block have turret on each corner and be 7 bay wide with sash window . on the ground floor they be ogee top in the ecclesiastical manner .
48 the north british hotel adjacent to the station on princes street open in 1902 . in 1983 british rail sell it to the forte hotel group . in 1988 forte close the hotel for a year to extensively remodel and update what have become something of a fade jewel . when it reopen it be rechristen the balmoral hotel in what have prove to be an astute marketing move despite the hotel be 115 mile from balmoral castle . it enjoy commanding view over central edinburgh and be one of the most luxurious and expensive hotel in the uk.
52 quartz model such as the breitling aeromarine colt start at $ 2,055.00 on a rubber strap while typical price of mechanical steel case model be $ 7,300 us for the breitling for bentley motors model . the expense be due to the exclusivity of the bentley trademark as well as the 38 jewel self-winding movement as these steel case model be more expensive than some of breitling s titanium or gold model . some special edition model also include diamond on various part of the watch . i.e.
49 one more cup of coffee one more cup of coffee tell the tale of a girl whose family be gypsy and drifter and of the man who must leave she to enter the valley below . the narrator describe a character who be beautiful your eye be like two jewel in the sky but for whom the narrator s love and admiration be not reciprocate but i do not sense affection no gratitude or love your loyalty be not to i but to the star above . the song deal with theme of abandonment the apparent end of a relationship and the concept of a come journey . the song could be see as a metaphor for dylan s relationship with sara however this be unsubstantiated .
5 encyclopædia britannica article gathering the jewel article
61 wild be place in newgate where he continue to attempt to run his business . in the illustration from the true effigy top of page wild be picture in newgate still with notebook in hand to account for goods come in and go out of his office . evidence be present against wild for the violent jailbreak and for have steal jewel during the previous august s installation of knights of the garter .
105 also the government of the federation of bosnia and herzegovina entity have unveil plan to build three more hydroelectric power plant with major dam over 150.5 meter in height upstream from the exist plant begin with glavaticevo hydro power plant in the nearby village of glavatičevo then go even further upstream to bjelimići hydro power plant and ljubuča hydro power plant locate near the village of the same name and in addition one more at the neretva headwater gorge near the very source of the river in the entity of republic of srpska by its entity government . this if realize would completely destroy this jewel among river so it be strongly oppose and protest by numerous environmentalist organization and ngo s domestic . . as well as international wwf world wide fund . . . .
63 there be many survive drawing for the madonna del popolo from initial sketch to color study of head to the final full size cartoon . despite this painstaking process barocci s genius keep the brushstroke passionate and liberate . more should be write about the singular radiance of the master s painting technique in which a spiritual light seem to flicker as a jewel across face hand drapery and sky .
10 l lady diabolyn wildfire lady kale princess gwenevere and the jewel rider lady van tassel and she sister the crone from sleepy hollow lambdadelta umineko no naku koro nus
14 mesmira conan the adventurer morag the tulgah witch ewoks morgana princess gwenevere and the jewel rider mitzy stillman charmed mortianna robin hood prince of thief
58 cf atlas have a golden age in the year 1998 with promising player such as rafael márquez daniel osorno juan pablo rodriguez mario méndez omar briceño erubey cabuto and miguel zepeda . they lose the final to toluca and next season become dominant 1st place overall but never claim a title . today many of the once young jewel of the team be on elite squad and play important role .
17 the brilliant iridescent color of the bee hummingbird s feather make the bird seem like a tiny jewel . but the iridescence be not always noticeable . it depend on the angle at which a person look at the bird .
46 for nearly a year in 1983 and 1984 the town be terrorize 35-year-old simon mpungose who be call the hammer man because he would break into home in the dead of night and kill the occupant with a hammer before rob they of their money and jewel .
4 bon jovi lara fabian jewel julian lennon nick kamen
48 when flavia inform the davison doctor that he have be appoint president she state that she announce this for the second time . although the doctor have be president before the invasion of time flavia have not appear on screen before the five doctor . one of the jewel from the coronet of rassilion would later play an important part in the big finish productions bernice summerfield adventure the crystal of cantus . no explanation be give for companion kamelion s absence from this story . the first doctor do not quite recognise the master do i know you and have to be remind of their time at the academy together .
6 his drawing be generally prize as jewel of the quattrocento and be wonderful example of the elegant garb of the time include spectacular hat . in contrast with his contemporary his drawing be not draft for future paintinging but be autonomous work of art . he compile several book of drawing detail and accurate study of fauna and flora draw with a poetic naturalism and elegant costume .
53 dogtanian and the three muskehounds be a cartoon version of the classic alexandre dumas story of d'artagnan and the three musketeer . most of the character be anthropomorphism of dog hence the title of the cartoon . exception to this be the temptress milady a cat pip dogtanian s sidekick mouse the avian jewel thief blue falcon planchet a bear dogtanian s main servant as well as some random townspeople and guard of the cardinal .
14 the saga of erik the viking for mosaic 1985 the price of magik 1986 jewel of darkness trilogy for rainbird software 1986 also know as the middle-earth trilogy colossal adventure adventure quest
10 sternocera basalis buprestidae be a family of beetle know as jewel beetle or metallic wood-boring beetle because of their glossy iridescent color . the family be among the largest of the beetle with some 15,000 species know in 450 genus . the larger and more spectacularly colored jewel beetle be highly prize by insect collector .
45 buprestidae be a family of beetle know as jewel beetle or metallic wood-boring beetle because of their glossy iridescent color . the family be among the largest of the beetle with some 15,000 species know in 450 genus . the larger and more spectacularly colored jewel beetle be highly prize by insect collector .
7 image buprestid nagerhole green .jpg | a jewel beetle from india image jewel beetle .jpg | a jewel beetle from pune india file:chrysochroa fulgidissima tamamushus in hand.png|chrysochroa fulgidissima from japan
17 image buprestid nagerhole green .jpg | a jewel beetle from india image jewel beetle .jpg | a jewel beetle from pune india file:chrysochroa fulgidissima tamamushus in hand.png|chrysochroa fulgidissima from japan file agrilus viridi bl.jpg|beech splendour beetle agrilus viridi specimen agrilinae
19 file julodis ehrenbergii bl .jpg| julodis ehrenbergii from greece julodinae file acmaeodera .jpg|acmaeodera species polycestina image wytsman.genera. insectorum.buprestidae .01.jpg|some jewel beetle from genera insectorum file prachtkäfer aus der grube messel.jpg|fossil jewel beetle from the eocene find in the messel pit germany file jewel beetle .jpg|australian
20 file acmaeodera .jpg|acmaeodera species polycestina image wytsman.genera. insectorum.buprestidae .01.jpg|some jewel beetle from genera insectorum file prachtkäfer aus der grube messel.jpg|fossil jewel beetle from the eocene find in the messel pit germany file jewel beetle .jpg|australian species
46 the appearance of a police detective call rough soon lead bella to realise that far from go mad she be marry to a psychopath . rough explain that the apartment above be once occupy by one alice barlow a wealthy woman who be murder for she jewel but that the murderer never uncover they .
13 it transpire that manningham go to the flat each night search for the jewel and cause the light in the house below to go down . rough convince bella to assist he in expose manningham as the murderer which she do but not before she take revenge on manningham by pretend to help he escape . at the last minute she remind he that have go mad she be not accountable for she action .
14 the film tell the story of a group of man plan and execute a jewel robbery . it be nominate for four academy awards .
36 the criminal mastermind erwin doc riedenschneider be out of prison . doc have a keen eye for detail not to mention an eye for a pretty girl . he have be plan a “caper ” a jewel heist outline by a fellow inmate when they be “behind the wall ” for the previous seven year .
38 emmerich attentively listen . doc say he will need $ 50,000 to hire a team of man to carry out the burglary . emmerich agree on the condition that he not one or more “fences” should receive the jewel directly pay off doc then be responsible for the disposal of the gem . emmerich would therefore need to come up with an immediate $ 500,000 in cash to pay off doc.
35 the style and allusion indicate a comparatively modern date for the authorship but the nucleus of the legend can be trace back to a much earlier period . the story of jonathas and the three jewel in the gesta romanorum of the emperor frederick and the three precious stone in the cento novelle antiche of the mazin of khorassan in the thousand and one nights and the fly scaffold in the bahar danush have all a certain similarity .
91 it be contest for a period between the satavahanas and the ror sakas devotee of shakumbari know as western satrap however follow the end of the satavahana dynasty the city be retain by the rors from the 2nd to the 12th century ce. follow the enthroning of the gupta dynasty the city soon become an important seat in the annals of that empire . ujjain be consider to be the traditional capital of king chandragupta ii also know as vikramaditya at whose court the nine poet know as the navaratna nine jewel of sanskrit literature be say to have flourish .
57 salma have be refer to as a traditional woman who enjoy moroccan tradition and costume . lalla salma be keen on fashion and can either be see wear opulent traditional moroccan kaftan or dress in a more occidental style . salma be see wear yve saint laurent valentino christian dior chanel balmain elie saab and balenciaga and jewel by garrard boucheron and cartier .
32 porter 1993 p . 123 . in conjunction with either the five speed manual or the four speed electronic transmission th 2.2 litre engine offer flexible performance ... if there be a jewel in the apollo range it have to be the 3.0 litre v6 . available in self-shifting guise only .. . both four-door sedan and five-door station wagon variant be available as before although trim level be limit to slx and gs
6 tongdosa be one of the three jewel temple of korea and represent the buddha haeinsa also locate in gyeongsangnam-do represent the dharma or buddhist teaching and songgwangsa in jeollanam-do represent the sangha or buddhist community .
29 u.s. reject free trade in kaesong product joongang daily february 9 2006 a one-hour commute to another world los angeles times february 28 2006 kaesong zone a troubled korean jewel asia times online april 6 2006 companies in kaesung delegate management over to north korea daily nk may 17 2007
52 san francisco s city hall be currently the world s second largest base-isolated structure after the international terminal at san francisco international airport a triumph of seismic retrofitting . citation need city hall reopen after its seismic upgrade in january 1999 . adams gerald 1998-12-29 rebuilt restore reborn city hall reopen with jewel polish and population reduce interior stair lead to the board of supervisor s meeting chamber the city hall have attempt to recruit peregrine falcon to nest in aerie outside the dome .
62 one night in the summer of 1983 chuck agree to watch john while donna work as a singer in a cabaret the chateau . however an emergency present itself at the hospital and he place the baby in his crib in donna s dressing room tell the guard to let donna know john s there . but a fire set by two jewel thief soon sweep through the cabaret . although donna escape the baby die of smoke inhalation . chuck attempt to save his son by rush into the burning building but it be too late .
57 srirangaraya be say to have retire to talakad along with his two wife . one of they alamelamma be know to be a staunch devotee of sri ranganayaki consort of sri ranganatha the preside deity of the famous adi-ranga temple in the island fortress of srirangapatna . she be say to have flee to talakad with the jewel of sri ranganayaki .[2
23 traditionally every friday and tuesday sri ranaganayaki be be decorate with a big pearl stud nose ring and other precious jewelry . these jewel be in the safe custody of alamelamma otherwise . temple authority request raja wodeyar to provide they as be the practice hithertoo . treasury official inform the king about truth .
38 temple authority request raja wodeyar to provide they as be the practice hithertoo . treasury official inform the king about truth . raja wodeyar send emissary to malangi where alamelamma be stay with a request to return the jewel . but alamelamma be adamant and refuse to accede to the request . thence raja wodeyar send his army to talakad to request she once again and if she still refuse to get they by force .
73 but alamelamma be adamant and refuse to accede to the request . thence raja wodeyar send his army to talakad to request she once again and if she still refuse to get they by force . to escape the wrath of the mysore army alamelamma just return the pearl stud nose ring to the army and utter the legendary curse on raja wodeyar and jump into the whirlpool with the rest of the jewel and escape unscathed . the curse which have survive the folklore of last four hundred year be know thus
18 jewel records be a record label which disc be press by the scranton button company citation need . jewel be one of the big three record company out of cincinnati ohio . the two most famous king records and fraternity records be responsible for several hit over the year from a wide range of genre . two prominent figure who record for jewel be lonnie mack who do two singles for the label in 1970 and albert washington .
35 his cloak be drape over his left arm in a portrait convention that go back to augustus . in his outstretched left hand he now hold an orb . his diademed head wear a gothic jewel similar to the one wear by aelia eudoxia mother of theodosius ii .
58 illusion of gaia have a general design that be uniquely simple as rpgs go . the game eschew the experience system of typical rpgs instead the game have a more novel system for advance the player character s statistics . defeat all enemy in a room earn the player a permanent stat bonus in the form of a jewel . these jewel boost attack defense or health power . while return to a clear area will cause enemy to reappear the bonus for defeat they again do not .
46 the game eschew the experience system of typical rpgs instead the game have a more novel system for advance the player character s statistics . defeat all enemy in a room earn the player a permanent stat bonus in the form of a jewel . these jewel boost attack defense or health power . while return to a clear area will cause enemy to reappear the bonus for defeat they again do not . also after an enemy be kill it will leave a stone—either a small or a great one .
24 reference iran persia possess an extraordinary treasure of royal jewelry include a copious amount of mother-of-pearl from the persian gulf . the iranian crown jewel be among the largest most dazzling and valuable jewel collection in the world . the jewel be display in the vault of the central bank of iran in tehran and be one of the most appealing tourist attraction in iran . akik be also export from iran to various country include the indian subcontinent .
33 reference iran persia possess an extraordinary treasure of royal jewelry include a copious amount of mother-of-pearl from the persian gulf . the iranian crown jewel be among the largest most dazzling and valuable jewel collection in the world . the jewel be display in the vault of the central bank of iran in tehran and be one of the most appealing tourist attraction in iran . akik be also export from iran to various country include the indian subcontinent .
39 iran persia possess an extraordinary treasure of royal jewelry include a copious amount of mother-of-pearl from the persian gulf . the iranian crown jewel be among the largest most dazzling and valuable jewel collection in the world . the jewel be display in the vault of the central bank of iran in tehran and be one of the most appealing tourist attraction in iran . akik be also export from iran to various country include the indian subcontinent .
4 the world s largest jewel collection the imperial crown jewels of iran pahlavi crown kooh-i-noor be presently part of the british crown jewel .
22 the world s largest jewel collection the imperial crown jewels of iran pahlavi crown kooh-i-noor be presently part of the british crown jewel .
39 hakutaku shinnooian hakutaku shinnooseijin hakutaku 25 34 48 be a wise woman who have knowledge of all space herb and change herself into a human girl . she have a third eye in the shape of a small red jewel . tetsu and the other five dekaranger be under she care but sen-chan be the one who need the most of she guidance . she have a thing for sen-chan remain on earth to gather enough money for their wedding .
87 by contrast in 1328 in fulfilment of the treaty between the bruce and edward iii a mutual interchange of good office take place between the priory of lanercost and kelso abbey in respect of their common revenue out of the church of lazonby . later though in 1346 david ii ransack the conventual building and desecrate the church . fresh from the overthrow of liddel he entered the holy place with haughtiness throw out the vessel of the temple steal the treasure break the door take the jewel and destroy everything they could lay hand on . as late as 1386 one of the prior be take prisoner by the scot and ransom for a fixed sum of money and four score quarter of corn .
4 la joya spanish the jewel may refer to
18 o thou that art so cruell say deere will you not have mee see see myne own sweet jewel sing we and chant it sweet nymph
59 he set himself to rebuild the york minster which have be destroy by fire in 741 employ eanbald and alcuin to oversee the work . duckett alcuin p . 27 alcuin speak of its magnificence its column and crypt bright window and ceiling the tall crucifix of precious metal the thirty altar it contain and the gold silver and jewel employ in the decoration of sacred vessel and altar .
87 his work receive a slight boost in 1995 when his back catalogue include both solo release and egyptian album be re-package and re-issue in the united states by the respected rhino records label . for the rest of the decade he continue record and perform as a solo artist release several album on warner brothers records such as 1996 s moss elixir which feature the contribution of violinist deni bonet and the soundtrack from the jonathan demme-directed concert film storefront hitchcock in 1998 . the 1999 release jewel for sophia feature cameo from southern california-based musician jon brion and grant-lee phillips both of whom often share the stage with hitchcock when he play los angeles nightclub largo .
23 you oblivion outtake and rarity 1985 –1995 1995 mossy liquor outtake and prototype from moss elixir 1996 a star for bram outtake from jewel for sophium 2000 obliteration pie japan-only collection of live track rarity and new studio re-recording 2005 i wanna go backwards boxed set of reissue and rarity 2007
45 a detachment of the regiment on guard at buckingham palace and st james s palace be also responsible for provide the guard at the tower of london . as the tower be still officially a royal residence and be also the location of the crown jewel it remain the army s obligation to guard it . the tower guard number one officer 6 nco and 15 soldier and usually post a sentry outside the jewel house and one outside the queen s house . as the protection of the tower be their responsibility in conjunction with the yeomen warders and the jewel house warden the guard must also see it be secure at night .
63 the willard family sell its share of the hotel in 1946 and due to mismanagement the hotel close in 1968 . a lengthy legal battle ensue at the end of which the pennsylvania avenue development corporation purchase the property hold a competition and ultimately award it to the oliver carr company and golding associates . barbara gamarekian the willard be restore as a jewel of pennsylvania avenue new york times september 04 1986 the two partner then bring in the intercontinental hotels group to be a part owner and operator of the hotel . the willard be subsequently restore to its turn of the century elegance and an office-building contingent be add . the hotel be thus re-open amid great celebration on august 20 1986 which be attend by several supreme court justices and distinguished senator such as edward kennedy .
7 the taira attempt to toss the crown jewel off the ship but only manage to get the sword and mirror into the water before the ship hold the jewel be capture . the mirror be recover by diver many presume the sword to have be lose at this time though it be officially say to have be recover and enshrine at atsuta shrine .
28 the taira attempt to toss the crown jewel off the ship but only manage to get the sword and mirror into the water before the ship hold the jewel be capture . the mirror be recover by diver many presume the sword to have be lose at this time though it be officially say to have be recover and enshrine at atsuta shrine .
17 # a secret i herbie hancock – 6:24 # higher vibe courtney pine – 6:35 # hidden jewel bobby watson – 5:45 # never my love richard addrisi donald addrisi – 3:40 # all be quiet bob mintzer – 6:26
30 one simple form of the seal in some version of the story the ring be make of brass and iron carve with the name of god and set with four jewel . in later version the ring simply bear the symbol now call the star of david hexagram often within a circle usually with the two triangle interlace hence chiral rather than intersect . often the gap be fill with dot or other symbol .
53 secunderabad railway station be one of the largest in india and be also the zonal headquarters of south central railway . the twin cities be separate by the man-made hussain sagar lake which be build during the reign of the qutub shahis in the 16th century . the lake be a heart shape jewel keep the two city together and be very dear to its citizen .
12 szentendre in olden times and today szentendre homepage english german french hungarian jewel of the danube hungarian only travel information rec.org hungarian open air museum
11 william raymond nesbit june 1 1899 august 1983 be a 1930s jewel thief bear in marshalltown iowa . on december 31 1936 he kill fellow thief harold baker in a gunpowder explosion in minnehaha county near sioux falls south dakota . he be arrest 26 february 1937 and convict on may 28 1937 to life imprisonment which on 18 february 1946 be commute to 20 year incarceration .
41 story8 eyes in-game screenshot 8 eyes be set in a post-apocalyptic future . mankind be recover from hundred of year of chaos and nuclear war and civilization be be rebuild by the great king who harness the power of the eight jewel . the jewel know as the 8 eyes be form at the center of eight nuclear explosion that come close to destroy the earth . the 8 eye have mysterious power which in the wrong hand could bring about the end of the world .
40 8 eyes be set in a post-apocalyptic future . mankind be recover from hundred of year of chaos and nuclear war and civilization be be rebuild by the great king who harness the power of the eight jewel . the jewel know as the 8 eyes be form at the center of eight nuclear explosion that come close to destroy the earth . the 8 eye have mysterious power which in the wrong hand could bring about the end of the world . the great king s eight power-hungry duke steal the jewel for themselves and banish the king to the nuclear wasteland threaten to once again plunge the earth into war .
53 the jewel know as the 8 eyes be form at the center of eight nuclear explosion that come close to destroy the earth . the 8 eye have mysterious power which in the wrong hand could bring about the end of the world . the great king s eight power-hungry duke steal the jewel for themselves and banish the king to the nuclear wasteland threaten to once again plunge the earth into war .
49 the player control orin the falconer and his fight falcon cutrus . his mission be to penetrate the dukes eight castle and retrieve the 8 eyes . with the help of cutrus you must fight the dukes soldier nuclear mutant and the duke of each castle to retrieve the jewel . after the jewel have be recover you must return they to the altar of peace so that the great king may return and finish rebuild the earth .
41 his mission be to penetrate the dukes eight castle and retrieve the 8 eyes . with the help of cutrus you must fight the dukes soldier nuclear mutant and the duke of each castle to retrieve the jewel . after the jewel have be recover you must return they to the altar of peace so that the great king may return and finish rebuild the earth .
18 after the house of ruth have be clear and the 8 eyes recover the player must return the jewel to the altar of peace . at this point the jewel must be place in a particular order or the game be lose . hint about the order of the jewel be also hide throughout the game .
29 after the house of ruth have be clear and the 8 eyes recover the player must return the jewel to the altar of peace . at this point the jewel must be place in a particular order or the game be lose . hint about the order of the jewel be also hide throughout the game .
49 after the house of ruth have be clear and the 8 eyes recover the player must return the jewel to the altar of peace . at this point the jewel must be place in a particular order or the game be lose . hint about the order of the jewel be also hide throughout the game .
24 original release of 99 and 767 come in hand-folded sleeve make of print card . the unstable ape rerelease be reformat into standard cd jewel case .
11 re-release this album be re-release in late 1995 in a double jewel case contain the album medusa and a nine-track bonus cd feature the studio version of paul simon s something so right with simon guest on vocal and guitar and eight track record live from the concert in central park money can't buy it legend in my live room she eurythmics hit who s that girl you have placed a chill in my heart and here come the rain again along with why little bird and walk on broken glass amazon.com medusa/live in central park music annie lennox .
9 these extension include among other odbc call the crown jewel of wosa tapi wosa/xfs sapi and mapi and their supporting service as well as the abstraction of access to printer modem and network service which run identically over tcp/ip ipx/spx and netbeui.
27 track listingbonus disc in numerous region a bonus dvd be supply with the initial release in three form . track listing would be identical save the europe jewel case edition which omit exist to exit 5.1 . the u.s. jewel case release and europe digipak include all track available on the release .
36 in numerous region a bonus dvd be supply with the initial release in three form . track listing would be identical save the europe jewel case edition which omit exist to exit 5.1 . the u.s. jewel case release and europe digipak include all track available on the release .
17 reissue the album be release in europe by candlelight records in 1996 with a sticker on a jewel case and in the united states by century black century media records black metal off-shoot a year later . it be reissue by candlelight records in 2000 .
16 the story involve nancy drew help she friend emily crandell find out who steal she heirloom jewel . emily s aunt and guardian hazel willoughby unwisely remove they from a safe deposit box and carry they with she while lunching at lilac inn only to have she handbag steal while the diner be distract . in the meantime nancy must hire a temporary maid in the absence of mrs. gruen she housekeeper .
43 she then track mary mason to a gang which include mary s brother bud . nancy be bind and leave aboard the gang s sink cabin cruiser to die but be rescue by the river patrol . in the end nancy capture the jewel thief exonerate the guardian and return she orphan friend s fortune to she .
8 the story still revolve around emily crandell s jewel only this time nancy and chum helen travel to the historic inn and resort own by emily and she fiance dick which will serve as their livelihood after marriage . lilac inn in full bloom be be haunted by a mysterious glowing woman in a flow gown with brunette hair . waitress leave the restaurant business base upon their fear .
11 external links north meols civic society marshside fog bell rspb marshside jewel of the ribble a visit to the rspb marshside reserve in a personal blog november 2006 marshside brass band
55 october 16 1443 kakitsu 3 23rd day of the 9th month an armed group of rebel penetrate the palace defens . a fire be start and one of the man seek to kill go-hanazono but the emperor escape . however the intruder manage to steal the three sacred treasure the mirror the sword and the jewel . later a guard find the mirror and a priest find the sword but the location of jewel be not know until the 8th month of bunnan gannen . titsingh #pra1-pa344,m1 pp .
52 a fire be start and one of the man seek to kill go-hanazono but the emperor escape . however the intruder manage to steal the three sacred treasure the mirror the sword and the jewel . later a guard find the mirror and a priest find the sword but the location of jewel be not know until the 8th month of bunnan gannen . titsingh #pra1-pa344,m1 pp . 344-345 .
46 play style starker s playing style be intense and involve great technical mastery . accord to some of his student his technique revolve around long legato note with very little shift noise from his left hand result in smooth pure tone each note sound like a jewel . starker himself describe his sound as centered and focused . he be know for his ability to produce an extremely wide range of sound and tone shading .
47 on may 9 2008 it be announce that codemasters have win the rights to the formula one license after sony s deal run out . codemasters will release their first formula one game f1 2009 codemasters secure official formula one video game licence product line to be jewel in racing game crown . on the wii and playstation portable sometime in autumn 2009 and another similar game f1 2010 on the pc playstation 3 and xbox 360 in 2010 . the game will be base on the dirt 2 engine .
34 the magnificent wall erect by the maharajas of rahaver be one of the most lasting remains of rahaver architecture and inside you find the ajitnath temple date to 1165 ad which be the crown jewel of tarangagadh state . the temple measure some 150'x100 the whole cover with breathtaking carving and the madapa inside have 8 beautiful column end in lovely lotus petal and 16 carve bracket depict beautiful woman . the central statue have a bejewel eye sparkle with jewel .
80 the magnificent wall erect by the maharajas of rahaver be one of the most lasting remains of rahaver architecture and inside you find the ajitnath temple date to 1165 ad which be the crown jewel of tarangagadh state . the temple measure some 150'x100 the whole cover with breathtaking carving and the madapa inside have 8 beautiful column end in lovely lotus petal and 16 carve bracket depict beautiful woman . the central statue have a bejewel eye sparkle with jewel .
6 you be meant for i by jewel
31 award and rankingsloren pope former education editor for the new york times include southwestern in his 1996 book colleges that change life . he write southwestern be one of the few jewel of the southwest whose mission be to prepare a new generation to contribute to a change society and to prosper in their job whatever and wherever in the world they may be .
33 external links early grammars antiquae linguae britannicae ... 1621 part of the celtic voices exhibition at the national library of wales john davies antiquae linguae britannicae ... . 1621 from the gathering the jewel website
13 educational institutions throughout history rajahmundry have be a well craft city with educational jewel institution from the rule of rajaraja narendra to its glorious present . recollect the song from the movie andhra kesari which say vedamla ghoshinche godavari amara dhamamla bhasille rajahmahendri . the government arts college now call government college autonomous in rajahmundry be found more than 150 year ago and naac accredit a .
1 the jewel in the crown of the company be the pc fútbol series which feature an annual installment for a decade . originally only feature the spanish league later version be develop for italy pc calcio and argentina pc fútbol apertura and clausura . for the broader english market euroleague football be release in 2000 follow a brief licensing of the premier manager franchise in the late 90 .
11 1993 sign kathryn tickell 1994 25th anniversary concert fairport convention 1995 jewel in the crown fairport convention 1995 common tongue waterson:carthy 1996 heat light and sound eliza carthy
29 the flower have be grow in english cottage garden since elizabethan time . the most common variety be miss jekyll which have blue flower but the more recent persian jewel be a mixture of white pink lavendar and blue flower . persian rose be pale pink . other cultivar be albion blue midget cambridge blue mulberry rose and oxford blue .
15 the madwoman of chaillot with katharine hepburn never say never again with sean connery the jewel of the nile with michael douglas the bourne identity with richard chamberlain dirty rotten scoundrels with steve martin
63 the narrator inform guest that they be in a scene from raiders of the lost ark as audio-animatronic figure of indiana jones ford and sallah davies struggle to lift the ark of the covenant . a second room within the temple feature a large altar in the form of the ancient egyptian god anubis . near the top of the altar a large jewel be be watch over by a cloaked temple guard . the hijacker see the jewel stop the ride vehicle and disembark to retrieve it . before touch the jewel the temple guard give a warning that those who disturb the jewel must pay with their life .
43 a second room within the temple feature a large altar in the form of the ancient egyptian god anubis . near the top of the altar a large jewel be be watch over by a cloaked temple guard . the hijacker see the jewel stop the ride vehicle and disembark to retrieve it . before touch the jewel the temple guard give a warning that those who disturb the jewel must pay with their life . ignoring the warning the hijacker reach to grab the jewel .
37 near the top of the altar a large jewel be be watch over by a cloaked temple guard . the hijacker see the jewel stop the ride vehicle and disembark to retrieve it . before touch the jewel the temple guard give a warning that those who disturb the jewel must pay with their life . ignoring the warning the hijacker reach to grab the jewel . suddenly a plume of smoke shoot from the ground .
49 near the top of the altar a large jewel be be watch over by a cloaked temple guard . the hijacker see the jewel stop the ride vehicle and disembark to retrieve it . before touch the jewel the temple guard give a warning that those who disturb the jewel must pay with their life . ignoring the warning the hijacker reach to grab the jewel . suddenly a plume of smoke shoot from the ground .
46 the hijacker see the jewel stop the ride vehicle and disembark to retrieve it . before touch the jewel the temple guard give a warning that those who disturb the jewel must pay with their life . ignoring the warning the hijacker reach to grab the jewel . suddenly a plume of smoke shoot from the ground . when it disperse the hijacker be now nothing more than a skeleton still reach for the jewel and the temple guard be reveal to be the original live tour guide who reboard the vehicle and continue the ride .
37 ignoring the warning the hijacker reach to grab the jewel . suddenly a plume of smoke shoot from the ground . when it disperse the hijacker be now nothing more than a skeleton still reach for the jewel and the temple guard be reveal to be the original live tour guide who reboard the vehicle and continue the ride .
20 crown jewels of france on display at the louvre ... the french crown jewels be the crown orb diadem and jewel that be the symbol of royalty and which be wear by many kings and queens of france . the set be finally break up with most of it sell off in 1885 by the third french republic . the survive french crown jewels principally a set of historic crown now set with decorated glass be on display in the galerie d'apollon of the louvre france s premier museum and former royal palace together with the regent diamond the sancy diamond and the 105 carat côte-de-bretagne red spinel carve into the form of a dragon .
82 the set be finally break up with most of it sell off in 1885 by the third french republic . the survive french crown jewels principally a set of historic crown now set with decorated glass be on display in the galerie d'apollon of the louvre france s premier museum and former royal palace together with the regent diamond the sancy diamond and the 105 carat côte-de-bretagne red spinel carve into the form of a dragon . in addition some gemstone and jewel include the emerald of saint louis the ruspoli sapphire # and the diamond pin of queen marie-antoinette be on display in the treasury vault of the mineralogy gallery in the french natural history museum muséum nationale d histoire naturelle .
26 use of the french crown jewels1722 crown of louis xv in contrast with english monarch french king be less attach to the ritual use of crown jewel . nevertheless all monarch be crown until the french revolution in the notre-dame de reims cathedral apart for two of they who be crowned elsewhere . after the revolution only emperor napoleon i empress josephine and king charles x be crown .
50 nevertheless all monarch be crown until the french revolution in the notre-dame de reims cathedral apart for two of they who be crowned elsewhere . after the revolution only emperor napoleon i empress josephine and king charles x be crown . though not always use a set of expensive crown jewel do exist and be add to by various monarch .
28 king s swordthe recreate hand of justice the sword use during the coronation of the king of france be display at the louvre museum apart from the crown jewel . accord to legend it be joyeuse charlemagne s sword . its unusual build and ornamentation make it difficult to date but the part probably date to the 10th to 13th century .
19 sceptre of charles v and main de justice one of the few survive piece of the medieval french crown jewel be the sceptre charles v have make for the future coronation of his son charles vi currently on display in the louvre . it be over five foot long and at the top be a lily support a small statuette of charlemagne . this evocation of charlemagne may also explain why this sceptre be include in the imperial regalia of napoleon i.
4 theft of the crown jewel during the revolutionthe hope diamond which be cut from the royal french blue part of the french crown jewels . the crown jewels be steal in 1792 when the garde meuble royal treasury be storm by rioter . most though not all of the crown jewels be recover eventually .
6 the crown jewels be augment by jewel add by napoleon i and napoleon iii along with their empress .
7 break-up and sale of the french crown jewel notre-dame de reims traditional location of the coronation of kings of france throughout the late eighteenth and nineteenth century the jewel survive the first french republic the directorate the first empire the restoration the july monarchy the second french republic and the second empire . however the decision of henri comte de chambord not to accept the french crown in the early 1870 end not just the prospect of a royal restoration .
28 break-up and sale of the french crown jewel notre-dame de reims traditional location of the coronation of kings of france throughout the late eighteenth and nineteenth century the jewel survive the first french republic the directorate the first empire the restoration the july monarchy the second french republic and the second empire . however the decision of henri comte de chambord not to accept the french crown in the early 1870 end not just the prospect of a royal restoration . it also lead to the break-up and partial sale of the crown jewels .
90 while few expect a royal restoration certainly after the failure of the seize mai attempt royalist coup by president patrice macmahon duc de magenta the continue agitation of extreme right wing royalist and the fear of a royalist coup d état lead radical deputy to propose the sale of the crown jewels in the hope that their dispersal would undermine the royalist cause without a crown no need for a king in the word of one member of the national assembly . this controversial decision be implement . all the jewel from the crown jewels be remove and sell as be many of the crown diadem ring and other item . only a few of the crown be keep for historic reason but with their original diamond and gem replace by coloured glass . some historic or unusual gem go to french museum include the corsage brooch contain some of the mazarin diamonds which be now in the louvre and the ruspoli sapphire which be now in the french natural history museum curator take advantage of its unusual rhombohedral facet shape and ask for it to be exempt from the sale falsely claim that it be a natural uncut crystal .
7 spirit be the second album by singer/songwriter jewel release in 1998 see 1998 in music . singles include hand down so long and a newly record version of jupiter follow by a remix of what s simple be true to promote jewel s debut film ride with the devil . in addition a one track cd contain a live version of life uncommon be release to music store in hope to raise money and awareness for habitat for humanity .
8 this way be the third album by singer/songwriter jewel release in 2001 see 2001 in music . she be look for a raw live-sounding album lead she to be involve in the album s production . vh1.com singles include the hit stand still and break i as well as the eponymous track this way which be also feature on the soundtrack to the film life or something like it .
44 at the british press awards 2009 brooker be award columnist of the year . the judge describe brooker as edgy entertaining and wonderfully surreal he have the explosive writing skill that can turn your thinking upside down . a definite destination read and a jewel of a column . acerbic nasty spiteful yet clearly in love with every subject he write about at the same time . must read stuff .
10 pearl in the mist 1994 all that glitter 1995 hidden jewel 1995 tarnished gold 1996
2 jillions of jewel 1970 the last of the classic mattel thingmakers . the set have five mold but instead of the liquid plastigoop these form solid plastic gemstones and jewelry frame from two kind of powdered jewel dust compound .
86 after the 1970 chilean presidential election a plot to kidnap general schneider be develop . neutralizing general schneider become a key prerequisite for a military coup he oppose any intervention by the armed force to block salvador allende s constitutional election . the cia supply a group of chilean officer lead by general camilo valenzuela with sterile weapon for the operation which be to be blame on allende supporter and prompt a military takeover cia cable transmissions on coup plotting october 18 1970 see also family jewel cia document release in 2007 .
12 michigan my michigan . the sweet wind whisper through thy pine the jewel glitter in thy mine and glory on thy chaplet shine — michigan my michigan .
61 annabel return to wonder pictures and be disappoint to find that the maid and the man have be replace by the diamond smuggler in which she be to play the lead . on she way out annabel pick up a gift which lannie have arrange for she to receive and be apprehend when the police open it to discover the precious jewel inside . lannie watch on from the front of the new billboard for the diamond smuggler as annabel be drive away scream .
14 two version of the album be release the regular store-sold version in a normal jewel case and a limited edition digipak version 1,000 copy sell at the album s release party and concert .
85 a series of troubling revelation start to appear in the press concern intelligence activity . first come the revelation of christopher pyle in january 1970 of the u.s. army s spy on the civilian population abc news charlotte-mecklenburg historic landmarks commission and sam ervin s senate investigation that result . the dam break on december 22 1974 when the new york times publish a lengthy article by seymour hersh detail operation engage in by the cia over the year that have be dub the family jewel . covert action program involve assassination attempt against foreign leader and covert attempt to subvert foreign government be report for the first time . in addition the article discuss effort by intelligence agency to collect information on the political activity of we citizen .
32 possibly another name for pachacamac. supay be both the god of death and ruler of the uca pacha as well as a race of demon . urcaguary be the god of metal jewel and other underground item of great value . urcuchillay be a deity that watch over animal . viracocha be the god of everything . in the beginning he be the main god but when pachacutec become inca he change this god importance point that it be inti who allow he to defeat the chanca incas main enemy at that time
55 have to leave melbourne australia in a hurry to avoid various marriage proposal two song-and-dance man sign-on to work as diver . this take they to an idyllic island on the way to bali where they vie with each other for the favour of princess lala . the hazardous dive produce a chest of priceless jewel which arouse the less romantic interest of some shady local .
66 he shoot and kill the chief s son in the abdomen in the june of 1773 . this local account be part of the 1927 historical romance novel the scout of the buckongehanon write by the late buckhannon judge john camillus mcwhorter 1866 1937 . this tragedy be also memorialize in a 650-pound bronze statue of chief buckongahelas and his son mahonegon in buckhannon’s downtown crown jewel jawbone run park . the statue sit atop a massive cube-shaped sandstone boulder depict buckongahelas cradle the body of his just-killed son mahonegon .
75 the cheaters at the tcm movie database the cheaters at the internet movie database the cheaters in late 1978 mick brophy put an advert in the nme musician want section look to form a band in manchester to play “1979-style r’n’b” guitarist neil cossar answer the ad his stockport band idiot rouge have just lose a drummer to magazine john doyle and singer-songwriter nick simpson to nottingham university later to form john peel favourite 23 jewel leave just john martin bass and neil gtr/vox .
3 softkey release a jewel case version in 2000 for pc/mac
45 this practice be also call the veneration of the cross though it do not involve make prostration . the cross which be venerate be small typically 10-16 inch . this cross be usually metal often gold or gold-plated and can be enamel and/or decorate with jewel . the figure of jesus on the cross the soma be usually engrave enamel or paint on the cross rather than be a separate three-dimensional figure as be find on a crucifix . this be due to the orthodox practice of use icon rather than statue in church .
49 wawel castle national art collection be locate at wawel the former residence of three dynasty of polish monarch . royal chambers feature art period furniture polish and european painting collectible and an unsurpassed display of the 16th-century monumental flemish tapestry . wawel treasury and armory feature polish royal memorabilia jewel apply art and 15th to 18th century arm . the wawel eastern collection feature turkish tent and military accessory . kraków national museum with multiple branch in downtown kraków be the richest museum in the country with collection consist of several hundred thousand item keep in big part in the main building but also in the nine of its division
46 one of those successor maharaja sayyaji rao iii take his guest the reverend weeden on a tour of the stately treasury underneath the nazar bagh palace in 1909 . the reverend be impress by the sheer size and vast amount of all the silver gold and jewel . he report see bejewel vessel and ornamentation cram into every nook of the guarded vault . the maharajas by geoffrey c. ward – 1983 stonehenge press inc.
52 shields the bonus increase the defense rate which affect the probability of the character be hit by an enemy . a sm wear a staff of kundun+13 in the game . luck item item with luck have a higher chance of success when attempt to increase their level either by use a jewel of soul or upgrade in the chaos machine . most importantly in combat luck give an extra 5 % maximum damage for every luck item the character be currently wear .
0 jewel these be the second most expensive rare and useful item in mu. there be 7 different jewel each one with its own use .
17 jewel these be the second most expensive rare and useful item in mu. there be 7 different jewel each one with its own use . accord to the story each of the jewel be a fragment of the sealing stone that hold kundun before it shatter . they be the jewel of chaos bless soul life and creation .
31 these be the second most expensive rare and useful item in mu. there be 7 different jewel each one with its own use . accord to the story each of the jewel be a fragment of the sealing stone that hold kundun before it shatter . they be the jewel of chaos bless soul life and creation . there be also jewel of guardian and harmony .
37 there be 7 different jewel each one with its own use . accord to the story each of the jewel be a fragment of the sealing stone that hold kundun before it shatter . they be the jewel of chaos bless soul life and creation . there be also jewel of guardian and harmony . on mu global jewel drop be very rare since they have a very low drop rate .
37 accord to the story each of the jewel be a fragment of the sealing stone that hold kundun before it shatter . they be the jewel of chaos bless soul life and creation . there be also jewel of guardian and harmony . on mu global jewel drop be very rare since they have a very low drop rate . this make the jewel value extremely high thus form the base of trading and exchange for item .
24 they be the jewel of chaos bless soul life and creation . there be also jewel of guardian and harmony . on mu global jewel drop be very rare since they have a very low drop rate . this make the jewel value extremely high thus form the base of trading and exchange for item .
29 there be also jewel of guardian and harmony . on mu global jewel drop be very rare since they have a very low drop rate . this make the jewel value extremely high thus form the base of trading and exchange for item .
57 mu master events game masters know in global mu online as mu masters or mm]s . the mm event be mostly simple event that most player have a chance to win such as catch the mm mm be lose or missing 3 item the first player to meet the mm with his/her request be reward with 1 jewel of bless and 1 jewel of soul . there be example where player have receive other reward .
62 mu master events game masters know in global mu online as mu masters or mm]s . the mm event be mostly simple event that most player have a chance to win such as catch the mm mm be lose or missing 3 item the first player to meet the mm with his/her request be reward with 1 jewel of bless and 1 jewel of soul . there be example where player have receive other reward .
17 popka lolo s talkative friend who resemble a dog with pointed feature and a pair of green jewel for eye . his first appearance be in klonoa 2 and also appear in klonoa heroes and dream champ tournament . he be the opposite of lolo be loud-mouthed and pushy though he be a very caring and loving friend .
37 the chestnut hill campus be list on the national register of historic places . for many year the main building be st . joseph hall with a six-story greco-roman rotunda and french gothic exterior fournier hall a jewel of italian romanesque architecture and clement hall which house classroom and modest athletic facility include a swimming pool . the campus grounds include a grotto with a charming fountain the house of loretto and an elegant main chapel that be inspire by sainte-chapelle in paris . the science building logue library fontbonne hall barbara d’iorio martino hall and most recently a new residence hall call fitzsimmons hall be relatively new addition to accommodate the college s growth .
43 vajrakilaya s three right hand except for the right front one hold vajra with five and nine prong . the right front one make a mudra as grant boon with open palm . vajrakilaya s three leave hand hold a flaming triple wishfulfilling jewel or triratna a trident and the kilaya . vajrakilaya s back be cover by the freshly flayed skin of the elephant represent ignorance sanskrit avidya wylie marigpa with the leg tie in front . a human skin be tie diagonally across his chest with the hand lie flat on vajrakilaya s stomach and solar plexus represent the flailed ego that have release its powerful grip obscure the quality of the sadhaka .
109 the painting s title apply as early as the seventeenth century identify the sitter as the wife or daughter of an ironmonger a ferronnier be say to be discreetly alluding to a repute mistress of françois i marry to a certain le ferron the tale be a romantic legend of revenge in which the aggrieved husband intentionally infect himself with syphilis which he pass to the king through infect his wife . the narrative and the title be apply to leonardo s lady with an ermine when it be in princess czartoryski s collection and become confuse with this portrait by the presence in this image also of a jewel wear on a delicate chain across the forehead .
1 the jewel of the neighborhood be the 311 acre 1.3 km² olmst brothers-designed weequahic park . this lovely park have a 2.2 mile rubberize jog path around its 80 acre 324,000 m² lake and the oldest public golf course in the united states .
48 in 2008 french and israeli police official discover half of the cache of steal timepiece in two bank safe in france . of the 106 rare timepiece steal in 1983 96 have now be recover . among the steal watch be one know as the marie-antoinette the crown jewel of the salomons breguet watch collection .
76 on may 29 1677 king charles ii s birthday attendee include the queen of pamunkey she son captain john west the queen of weyanoke the king of the nottoways and the king of the nansemonds . by the article which they all sign the indian prince agree to live in due submission to the english people and as a guarantee of good treatment jeffryes present to each of they a coronet or frontlet adorn with false jewel . one of the frontlet present to the queen of pamunkey be now the property of the virginia historical society .
26 shadow star know in japan in full as mukuro naru hoshi tama taru ko 骸なる星･珠たる子 mukuro naru hoshi· tama taru ko the dead star and the jewel of a girl and abbreviate as narutaru なるたる be the name of a japanese manga and of the anime series which be base on the manga . the series be create by mohiro kitoh and the japanese version be release in the magazine afternoon . when ask about the manga mohiro kitoh state that he have about 80 % of the entire thing plan out from the beginning .
46 1995 outstanding achievement in dance award to light designer peter mumford for the royal ballet s fearful symmetry 2007 best new dance production for their new production chroma choreograph by wayne mcgreggor 2008 best new dance production for the company premiere of george balanchine s ballet jewel 2008 outstanding achievement in dance for the company premiere of george balanchine s ballet jewelsrepertoire main article list of work perform by the royal ballet notable former dancer
53 plot the novel tell the story of art bechstein the son of a mob money launderer who fall into a love triangle with a charming young man arthur lecomte and a beguiling young woman name phlox lombardi . a subplot concern the highly literate biker cleveland arning and his would-be career as a jewel thief .
33 the fox and the grape be a fable attribute to aesop . it be one of a number which feature only a single animal protagonist . other example include the cock and the jewel . a fox upon fail to find a way to reach grape hang high up on a vine retreat and say the grape be sour anyway
43 he come down from the morning star venus . as leader of the lose side of a stellar battle he descend to the north pole where he found ultima thule the capital of hyperborea . the grail be identify as have be a jewel which fall from his crown break by the sword of the enemy during his battle in the heaven . he be the god of the defeated ones in the kaliyuga and the supreme guide of the pilgrims of the dawn who will be the victor when the golden age return .
21 eta 2824-2 one workhorse of the eta mechanical line be the eta 2824-2 the 2824 be an automatic wind twenty-five 25 jewel movement available in four execution or grade standard elaborated improve top and chronometer level of component quality . the key component which differ at the line of demarcation between elaborated and top be the barrel spring shock protection system pallet stone balance wheel hairspring and the regulator mechanism . to illustrate the difference in accuracy garner by the successive grade consider the follow specification
65 the eta 2892.a2 description of calibre eta 2892-a2 for a description in english see be however widely consider the more upscale of the basic eta movement and it certainly a newer design date to the 1970 where as the 2824 trace its root back to the 1950 . the 2892 be fit with top quality component . the 2892 be an automatic wind twenty-one 21 jewel movement available in three execution or grade elaborated top and chronometer . the key component which differ at the line of demarcation between elaborated and top be the pallet stone balance wheel hairspring and the regulator mechanism . to illustrate the difference in accuracy garner by the successive grade consider the follow specification
8 the movement be an automatic wind twenty-five 25 jewel movement which can be fit with a variety of feature include the triple date day date month and moon phase or a variety of two and three register model with totalizer or counter for minute seconds and hour . it be available in three execution or grade elaborated top and chronometer . the key component which differ at the line of demarcation between elaborated and top be the pallet stone balance wheel hairspring and the regulator mechanism .
16 along with create the book williams craft a hare from 18 carat 75 % gold and jewel in the form of a large filigree pendant on a segmented chain . he seal the hare inside a ceramic hare-shaped casket both to protect the prize from the soil and foil any attempt to locate the treasure with a metal detector . the casket be inscribe with the legend i be the keeper of the jewel of masquerade which lie wait safe inside i for you or eternity .
59 while live with williams robertson have learn the approximate physical location of the hare while remain ignorant of the proper solution to the book’s master riddle . after find out from robertson that the hare be in ampthill guard and two assistant start search for it use metal detector an effort doom to failure as williams have seal the jewel inside a clay casket specifically to foil such a discovery . after search for some time they draw a crude sketch of the location which thompson submit to williams as thomas . williams recognize the sketch as the first correct solution mail to he .
10 thompson found a software company call “haresoft” and offer the jewel as a prize to a new contest which take the form of a computer game hareraiser . the company and its game which many believe to be unsolvable with only meaningless text and graphic be unsuccessful yield no winner . the hare be auction at sotheby’s in december 1988 and go for £31,900 to an unknown buyer .
83 it be up to bubsy to help the child of the world by humbling the mad hatter in alice in wonderland the giant in jack and the beanstalk the djinni in ali baba and the 40 thief a sea monster in 20,000 leagues under the sea and hansel and gretel in candyland . after wade through all those opponent a capture mother goose be set free make all right again at storytime . a bonus level be available for collect all of the jewel . this level consist of the seven dwarf from snow white and would last until the timer run out .
102 hit point be handle similarly to bubsy ii . the main difference be that although the player start with 3 hit point call paw points he can have as many as 99 citation need also assume the enemy attack/environmental hazard be not automatically lethal the player will only die after a hit if he do not have a spare paw point in reserve in other word the player can take 3 hit from default health and still survive but die from any further damage . the player get extra paw point by earn 40,000 point collect 50 atom find all of the jewel in a give level or set up a chain in which a throw atom hit 4 other in its path each atom beyond those four give an extra life .
48 baskinta carry the ruin of monument cemetery and numismatics pottery remain that date as back as the phoenician and the greek age . the greeks know baskinta and build in it fantastic palace of which enormous stone pillar stand and underground passage still exit . golden numismatics coin jewel that belong to the queen helena have be find too and they go back in time to the reign of suljok and antokhios the 1st the 2nd and the 3rd . bacchus temple in the place know as bakish-canal connotate bacchus the god of merriment and wine in greek mythology in addition to its ruin there be lustrous hotel and luxurious chalet seek by ski fan .
28 citation need hluhluwe-umfolozi game reserve stretch north from the mighty thukela river to the southern lebombo mountains this far off the province be a treasure trove of african jewel . home of the proud zulu warrior a visit will open your eye to the cultural history of this powerful nation whose status be still respect and revere today . experience first hand the tribal rhythm and custorm that be the fabric of traditional life .
10 it be collapse . people . they be the crown jewel . growth . it be accelerate by the network .
42 our knowledge of his ministry be admittedly hearsay and mostly obtain from a pamphlet by peter of cluny . he seemingly reject the invocation of saint and also second marriage and preach penitence . woman inflame by his word give up their jewel and luxurious apparel and young man marry prostitute in the hope of reclaim they .
4 sheridan opera house this jewel box of a theatre be build in 1912 . noted for its turn of the century venetian roll-up curtain the opera house be the primary venue of the festival . most of the world and we premiere occur here .
37 in 1747 the porcelain factory at nymphenburg be establish . munich s first academic institution the bavarian academy of sciences be found in 1759 by maximilian iii . during the severe dearth in 1770 maximilian sell crown jewel to pay corn shipment . in this year he also issue his edict against the extravagant pomposity of the church which contribute to the end of the era of bavarian rococo . he also forbid the oberammergau passion play .
73 she find a newspaper in the house which state that the charity bazaar be help up by a girl in a red dress and three other man . the steal the pearl and get away . the girl in the red dress have be trace as staying at the blitz hotel under the name of miss montresor of new york – jane realize that she have be set up by a gang of jewel thief . she hear someone in garden and find a young man come round from have be knock out . he and jane swap story and the young man reveal that he be at the bazaar and be puzzle when he see the grand duchess enter a room in low-healed shoe and exit in high-healed one .
76 stop off near a stream they sit by the road to eat the fruit and read in a discard sunday paper of the theft of a ruby necklace worth fifty thousand pound . a moment later they find such a necklace in the bottom of the basket edward be shock and scare of the sight see the possibility of arrest and imprisonment but dorothy see the possibility of a new and better life from sell the jewel to a fence . edward be shock by the suggestion and demand that she hand they over which she reluctantly do .
44 the next day dorothy contact edward . she have come to she senses after a sleepless night and realize that they must hand the necklace back . on the way back from his office-clerk job that night edward read the latest development on the jewel robbery in the newspaper but it be another adjacent story which catch his attention . he meet dorothy that night and show she the second story – it be about a successful advertising stunt in which one out of fifty basket of fruit sell will contain an imitation necklace . to their mutual relief they realize that they be not the possessor of the steal necklace .
67 the man edward cootes run into aileen peavey on his way back to the station and we learn they be both crook estrange lover both after the diamond . coote return to the castle and force psmith to help he get in which psmith do pass he off as his valet . he arrange the use of a small cottage in case he need to hide the jewel from cootes .
73 next morning baxter be fire from his job and eve find the flowerpot empty at psmith s cottage . enlisting freddie s help she search the place but find nothing psmith enter and explain his motive his friendship with mike and phyllis . coote and peavey appear armed and threaten to escape with the necklace but psmith take advantage of freddie s leg fall through the ceiling to overpower coote and retrieve the jewel .
33 few descendant from this family live in san miguel as only don ezequiel lopez escobedo have child . the eldest of his grandchild be marcela andre lopez an international teacher and designer of jewel garland now in residence in the historic district in one of don ezequiel lopez escobedo s home . sr . ezequiel lopez basurto son of don ezequiel lopez escobedo have preside over many work by the rotary club .
4 perch gar eelinsects fossil jewel beetle still show colour of the exoskeleton . messel giant ant a giant species of ant jewel beetle
19 eelinsects fossil jewel beetle still show colour of the exoskeleton . messel giant ant a giant species of ant jewel beetle stag beetle rove beetleaccessobservation point
36 she commonly get crown best dress for she high fashion look see on red carpet and event . she frequently be see in roberto cavalli versace and valentino famously wear two dress worth $ 20,000 crystal jewel encrust to the 2007 canadian juno award .
5 ali mumtaz 2005 . . jewel in the lotus deeper aspects of hinduism isbn 9788182600225 . the swami be a vice-president of the ramakrishna order from 1985-1991 .
16 occasionally a block fall with a special square of one of the two color with a jewel in the center . this square when clear as part of a match 2x2 square will cause all individual block of the same color that be horizontally or vertically adjacent to the match 2x2 square or to an adjacent square to be clear without score . these can be use for both generate large bonus since generally several block of the other color will be form once these be remove as well as to help the player recover if the field become too clutter .
93 by divide the game board into separate section and use each section to clear block of only a single type it be always possible to place a piece so that the game state stay in a loop . however this tactic be not completely foolproof it will only work as long as the speed of the fall block which can increase or decrease with change in the skin do not exceed the ability of the player to place they before landing and the timeline move quickly enough to delete the block . a jewel delete all block of the same colour that be align to it can also mess up this tactic .
16 while he be on the moon jameson find the mystical godstone an other-dimensional ruby . the jewel graft itself to his throat and extend tendril through his body . moonlight activate the gem which transform he into the lycanthropic man-wolf amazing spider-man # 124 and he fight spider-man in this bestial form . the ruby be remove by spider-man .
9 season 1 they leave behind damaged booth and steal jewel and gold . the more superstitious think they be wind demon but aladdin think they be merely thief . he be force to prove his theory and abu s freedom be on the line if he can not .
7 1999 inari vachs 2000 jewel de'nyle 2001 jewel de'nyle 2002 belladonna 2003 ashley blue
6 orgasmic analistlauren phoenix 2000 chloe 2001 jewel de'nyle 2002 belladonna 2003 lauren phoenix
51 it be what a person do for other that count not what they profess to believe . this principle underpin most of the society s activity which be design to radiate spiritual energy to the world in order to have a beneficial effect . the society s motto service be the jewel in the rock of attainment reflect this importance . jesus buddha krishna and certain other great religious leader be of extraterrestrial origin and come to earth to help mankind . there be only one god .
30 furnishings small piece of stained glass be set deep within the wall which be sometimes seven foot thick . the glass glow like deep-set ruby and emerald and amethyst and jewel of all color .
49 the piece be choreograph jointly between jayne and chris together with graeme murphy artistic director with the sydney dance company at the time source face the music 1995 139 . the costume consist of both jayne and chris wear billowing orange/red trousers with brief top piece adorn with india jewel . the piece consist of a tremendous amount of drawn-out lift twist intertwining and even sit and roll on the ice to create a balletic piece which they describe at evoke indian sculpture source face the music 1995 149 .
18 storyline to assist with bring in a german audience the show go on location to hamburg when a jewel thief and his lover who have be in a coma for seven year and want revenge on the woman she husband have marry in the meantime steal the dimarco diamond from a museum in that country .
53 she be later expel for drink ink . now she be the last of she prosperous and notorious family and marry to a furrier who supply she obsession such as the one piece she be never see without a white mink cloak . with this she wear skin-tight satin gown and rope of jewel in contrast color such as an emerald color dress with rope of ruby . she chauffeur-driven car be black-and-white striped mr. dearly comment that it look like a move zebra crossing and have the loudest horn in london which she insist on display to the dearly family . such dramatic luxury be say to be base on tallulah bankhead s lavish spending habit which the producer of the film first read about in a newspaper .
48 some of the building and the grounds be use by art organization under the umbrella of the snug harbor cultural center and botanical garden . sailor snug harbor include 26 greek revival beaux arts italianate and victorian style building . the site be consider staten island s crown jewel seth kugel . . . the snug harbor cultural center be its crown jewel .
22 the site be consider staten island s crown jewel seth kugel . . . the snug harbor cultural center be its crown jewel . originally an 18th-century home for “aged decrepit and worn-out sailor ” it now house the newhouse center for contemporary art the staten island children s museum and the staten island botanical garden where november be orchid and chrysanthemum month and every month be new york chinese scholars garden month . and an incomparable remnant of new york s 19th-century seafaring past .
86 most notably the biblical passage also indicate that yahweh promise that jerusalem itself would not fall to sennacherib 2 kings 19:1-36 isaiah 37 1-38 go on to claim that 185,000 of the assyrian force be slaughter one night by an angel cause sennacherib to flee 2 kings 19:35 . additionally the prism say that siege result in hezekiah be shut up in jerusalem like a caged bird hezekiah s mercenary and arabs desert he and hezekiah eventually bribe sennacherib have to give he not only money jewel and ivory-inlaid furniture but also his own daughter harem and musician . it state that hezekiah become a tributary ruler .
33 in this catacomb he find ten gem of power . unfortunately the bandit slay everyone else include his fiancée ilona . all the raider leave behind be his fiancée s ring with the jewel pluck from they . the mandarin use these as the setting for his power jewel . the mandarin of this continuity be much more alter by the power of the ring he develop pointy ear claw-like fingernail enhanced musculature and his skin turn emerald-green .
38 unfortunately the bandit slay everyone else include his fiancée ilona . all the raider leave behind be his fiancée s ring with the jewel pluck from they . the mandarin use these as the setting for his power jewel . the mandarin of this continuity be much more alter by the power of the ring he develop pointy ear claw-like fingernail enhanced musculature and his skin turn emerald-green . the cartoon version of the mandarin be serve in his villainy by justin hammer as well as by several supervillain like blizzard blacklash dreadknight hypnotia grey gargoyle whirlwind live laser and modok but follow the cartoon s adaptation of the dragon seed storyline the mandarin s servant be capture and his ring scatter across the world .
53 accord to cairo bear historian al-maqurizi the member of his entourage proceed to buy turkish and ethiopian slave girl sing girl and garment so that the rate of the gold dinar fall by six dirham . consequently the name of mali and timbuktu appear on the 14th century world map . the crown jewel of west africa the empire of mali be the center of islamic legal and scientific scholarship . the oldest formal university in west africa sankore jingaray ber and sidi yahya be found there . within a few generation mali itself be eclipse by the songhai empire of askia muhammad askia the great
20 the gatefold of all n allcritical reception all n all be describe by alex henderson of allmusic as a diverse jewel and he go on to say that all n all be a highly rewarding addition to ewf s catalog . all n all on allmusic.com the guardian in its review of the album say that the band can sound like one enormous kit where every crash and beat have its funky place and add that the whole shebang be punctuate beautifully by milton nascimento s brazilian rhyme .
45 it be feel that he be the only competitor that would stand in the way of kaps win three grand championship . brahma display silk empty and produce precious jewelry by the handful . as a finale brahma produce a chest that be overflow with jewel .
3 many of the jewel of lincoln national corporation have be shed in recent year . lincoln reinsurance be the first us reinsurance company it be sell to swiss re in 2001 . k&k insurance specialties be the first to insure event like nascar race it be sell to aon in 1993 .
34 shloshe shearim write toward the end of she life be a cautionary tale base on she own life . she tell of herself as a vain young woman who come to the synagogue wear jewel and gossip and jest during service and of how she spend a sad life as a wanderer . liptzin 1972 16-17
26 she be initially bury in the père lachaise cemetery paris . but she grave be violate some media report that she have be inter with she jewel . martine carol be then bury in the grand jas cemetery la cimetière du grand jas of cannes square n°3 .
26 larry golman be a jewish pornography magnate and loving father who control the los angeles pornography industry . barbara be his giggling platinum blonde wife and jewel be their sixteen year old daughter . thomas roam be a catholic los angeles district attorney run for re-election at a time when miss child link to child pornography dominate the news . laura roam be his wife a judge and adam be their half mexican half irish sixteen year old son .
38 silver say i be fascinate by the potential complexity of the character . in research his role silver meet with larry flynt jenna jameson as well as read magazine and watch video . olivia wilde play his daughter jewel and pamela gidley play wife barbara . kevin anderson play the los angeles district attorney thomas roam who be out to get goldman . anderson elaborate on his character state he be not an out-and-out good guy there be a dark side .
7 the chief would have be the crown jewel of most railroad passenger fleet . but it do not survive the national decline in passenger demand and end operation on may 15 1968 .
42 old custom and cultural norm also promote the gun culture . in nwfp where the strong and tough pashtun reside carry a gun or a kalashnikov be a sign of honour and respect . a gun be also consider to be the jewel of a man in n.w.f.p. thus the social necessity emerge as an intimidating component of provincial culture .
13 local economy the fairytale atmosphere and various local attraction have make vianden the jewel of luxembourg s tourist industry with many ten of thousand of visitor every year especially from the netherlands belgium and germany . with its 14 hotel four campsite and youth hostel there be a wide selection of accommodation . in addition vianden benefit from the large number of day-tripper who take advantage of its restaurant cafés souvenir shop and sport facility .
1 brood jewel a gemstone create by voor use glandular excretion they can be of varied size shape and colour but all allow for enhanced psychic state or vision of the future
9 a flemish harpsichord decorate with faux iron strapwork and jewel . when construct an instrument a number be write on the case and many of the part of the action along with a serial number depend on the model this have allow much more knowledge to be acquire about undated instrument and an estimation of the rate of production which have be calculate to be as high as 35 to 40 instrument per year .
76 decoration of an instrument be as careful and elaborate as its construction repeat renaissance pattern be block-printed onto paper and place inside the keywell and around the inside of the case above the soundboard . large latin motto be print similarly on a wood-grained paper which be place in the inside of the lid alternatively the lid be paint by people like rubens and breughel . the exterior be paint in imitation of marble or huge jewel hold by iron strapwork . the rise in the soundboard be surround by a painted wreath of flower and other flora and fauna in tempera . the rose use by all member of the rucker family show an angel play a harp with the initial of the builder on each side of it the date be find either on the soundboard or the wrest plank .
17 bhausaheb then go on to melt the ceiling of the diwan-i-khas which be make up of many jewel . however bhausaheb be compel to do so as the there be not even any food to eat for the marathas and the warrior of the maratha army who be more expensive than the jewel on the ceiling be die of hunger . delhi be also reduce to ash .
52 bhausaheb then go on to melt the ceiling of the diwan-i-khas which be make up of many jewel . however bhausaheb be compel to do so as the there be not even any food to eat for the marathas and the warrior of the maratha army who be more expensive than the jewel on the ceiling be die of hunger . delhi be also reduce to ash . as there be no ally of the marathas in the north there be absolutely no way from where the marathas could get adequate supplies .
29 some estimate it as nine crore other less . k.r. qanungo history of the jats ed . dr vir singh delhi 2003 p . 96 this do not include jewel and other valuable worth a handsome amount . however accord to popular belief the cash in hand with he range between 15 to 20 crore .
28 holmes be too busy in london . lady frances be a lone unwed woman deny a rich inheritance because of she gender . she do however carry valuable jewel with she . it be also she habit to write to she old governess miss dobney every other week but for the past five week there have not be a word from she . she have leave the hôtel national for part unknown .
46 he and watson rush to brixton and make sure that the coffin be not remove from the house to go for burial . they unscrew the coffin lid and find lady frances inside chloroform . the peterse while dishonest enough to kidnap someone to steal she jewel be too squeamish to kill someone it seem . watson manage to revive she and the peterse be find to have flee . it be the remark hear by green at the undertaker’s that help holmes deduce the truth .
54 david be also the celebrated point guard of the pbl lead the stag team to twin championship in 1995 . but 1996 be alaska s year and the grandslam be accomplish with gordon s gin at the lose end in the 3rd and final conference . in 1997 though jaworski finally earn his 4th jewel mentore the team to the 1997 commissioner s cup championship at the expense of the alaska milkmen . the team win in 6 game include a 126-94 rout in the final game .
76 as she mend a patchwork quilt mrs. oldknow continue tell tolly story about the previous inhabitant of the house . this time she story concern susan oldknow a blind girl who live at green knowe during the english regency and the close bond of friendship that develop between she and a young black page jacob bring back from the west indies by susan s father captain oldknowe . the plot also concern the whereabouts of the jewel of maria oldknowe which may or may not have be steal by the unscrupulous butler caxton .
12 the term rinpoche be an honorific title meaning precious one or precious jewel which be frequently use to address or describe reincarnate tibetan lama . kalu be rarely refer to without this title .
25 manihari there be a mythological story that during the mahabharata period lord krishna have come to this place and have lose a mani a valuable jewel . thus it come to be know as maniharan which be change into manihari .
28 age 14-15 reverie metherlence better know as ren be an edel raid and direct descendant of the metherlence bloodline . she be also one of the seven glittering jewel or shichiko-hoju an edel raid line say to be the strongest . she recharge she power by sleeping which happen fairly often . in the beginning she state that she have hate cou because he be human but after he do his best to protect she from an invasion she react with he and begin to think better of he .
35 flag of blue skyplot the kingdom of the sun fuajarl be ruthlessly invade by the garden of eden . they come seek the king s edel raid rumor to be one of the seven glittering jewel or shichiko-hoju .
56 the size of baring s estate underline his achievement . his wealth at death be £606,000 with £70,000 in company holding . £175,000 be distribute among his child other than thomas who inherit the balance his capital remain in barings amount to almost £70,000 his hampshire and lee estate be value at £400,000 and his picture jewel and furniture be worth almost £30,000 .
54 later western clock westclox in 1899 and the e. ingraham company also begin manufacture they . dollar watch be practical mass-produced timepiece intend to be as inexpensive as possible . trademark of dollar watch be their simple rugged design movement usually with a pin-pallet escapement although sometimes with duplex escapement which have either no jewel or just one jewel width of about eighteen size two inch and sale price of about a dollar from 1892 until the mid 1950 . many other company make they with literally hundred of name on the dial .
58 later western clock westclox in 1899 and the e. ingraham company also begin manufacture they . dollar watch be practical mass-produced timepiece intend to be as inexpensive as possible . trademark of dollar watch be their simple rugged design movement usually with a pin-pallet escapement although sometimes with duplex escapement which have either no jewel or just one jewel width of about eighteen size two inch and sale price of about a dollar from 1892 until the mid 1950 . many other company make they with literally hundred of name on the dial .
52 early in his three-year-old season he begin turn thing around . he be victorious in the prestigious wood memorial but an off-the-board finish in the derby trial make he somewhat of an outside shot in the kentucky derby . with jockey warren mehrtens aboard he blow past rival to take the first jewel of the triple crown by eight length the longest margin of victory to date . rejuvenate by his impressive win assault be make the favorite for the preakness stakes a week later . aggravate by traffic early in the race mehrtens decide to push assault earlier than usual .
55 the player fill the role of watson travel around london in hansom cab while attempt to recover the crown jewels while encounter many character from doyle s story such as mrs. hudson mycroft holmes and wiggins of the baker street irregulars . a series of riddle and clue lead watson on a hunt for inscribed jewel hide at several famous site across the city include westminster abbey madame tussauds wax museum london bridge and big ben . eventually the villain be reveal as professor moriarty who capture both watson and holmes . with quick thinking and the help of some humble medical supplies however watson manage to subdue moriarty and return the jewel to the tower in time .
70 a series of riddle and clue lead watson on a hunt for inscribed jewel hide at several famous site across the city include westminster abbey madame tussauds wax museum london bridge and big ben . eventually the villain be reveal as professor moriarty who capture both watson and holmes . with quick thinking and the help of some humble medical supplies however watson manage to subdue moriarty and return the jewel to the tower in time .
39 in trade general manager ned colletti be not authorize to pick up salary . instead mccourt have dictate he pay the balance by add more or better prospects . this have cost the dodger farm system some of its jewel such as phenom prospect carlos santana . mccourt have be heavily criticize for underfund a team that lead the league in attendance reinvest in structure and business venture instead of the team itself .
53 the reason for the grouse be the queen be averse to the payment of subsidy demand by the portuguese . while she husband continue to be subservient to they the queen be openly rebellious . relations between the royal couple steadily worsen and finally end with divorce with the queen return all the jewel to she ex-husband . war be declare and the queen be capture while on a sailing expedition on the nethravathi . take prisoner she be present before she husband .
38 the screen will then display the message present by vic tokai . if the player complete the game in under three hour the king will be cure . the player be then ask you want a box of jewel and a princess do not you to which the main character agree and the game then cycle through the end credit .
12 ace and dead beat destroy the bus conductor and retrieve the miss jewel for the medallion . with it back in place dead beat’s mind be restore and he become kingpin once more . they return to the circus – dispose of the chief clown and his minion en route – to find the doctor have become the next person in the ring have respond to a challenge from the family .
63 the medium coat of arm be the same as the small one but have a golden mural crown place above the shield . the crown have five visible merlon and a diadem with five gem ruby sapphire emerald . accord to the standard of serbian heraldry society this wall crown with five indent belong only to the capital city and the diadem with jewel belong to the historical capital .
25 an asset lock-up occur when the target firm grant an option for the acquisition of an asset . this be also know as a crown jewel lock-up .
12 with the 1849 constitution anointing be discontinue and since then the crown jewel have only be use on the occasion of a deceased monarch s castrum dolori camp of woe where the crown be place on the coffin the other regalia lay at casket s foot and the casket surround by the three lion . the lion be formerly also display in parliament during the annual opening session but this tradition be discontinue almost 100 year ago .
72 rosenborg also house four set of crown jewels still wear by she majesty the queen of denmark and the royal regalia which give a monarch their authority to rule . it include the crown of king christian iv which be a fine example of renaissance gildswork the better known crown of king christian v and a smaller crown for the king s consort . the royal collection have other important item and jewel as well as precious prayer-book and item belong to the order of the elephant and the order of the dannebrog .
10 the word sanbo 三宝 mean the three treasure or three jewel of buddhism the buddha the dharma teaching and the sangha community of buddhist follow the dharma . the organization prefer to use three treasures rather than three jewels .
16 secret invasion jones be among the hero who emerge from the crash skrull ship wear she jewel costume . secret invasion # 2 the group of emerge hero believe themselves to be the real one however it be show that some of the group be skrull . this jones dress as jewel be later reveal to be a skrull .
34 life get more complicate when sayoko go to the beach to sulk and come across a frustrated rich kid who she fend off with she considerable kickboxing skill . she lose she new belly-button jewel in the process a guarantee they will meet again .
47 # papier-mâché tiara of pope pius vii make for his exiled coronation in venice in 1800 . # tiara of pope pius vii 1804 napoleon tiara from napoleon mark his wedding to josephine by henry august and marie-etienne nitot house of chaumet paris . some of the jewel and decoration for this tiara come from earlier tiara smash and steal by the troops of the french directory in 1798. the tiara be make deliberately too small and at 18 pound 8 kg too heavy for the pope to wear . # tiara of pope pius vii 1820 image
54 congressional support for the sagebrush rebellion various bill to transfer federal public land to western state have be propose after 1932 all fail to garner much attention let alone action . among key objection to such transfer be the increase value to the federal treasury of mineral lease receipt and complaint that the crown jewel of the national land holding the national parks could not be manage adequately or fairly by individual state . yellowstone and yosemite national parks be consider to be national treasure and few legislator would concur with turn they over to the state .
64 poirot be ask by a mr jesmond who be act as an intermediary to an eastern prince to help that unfortunate young man with a problem he be have . the prince be due soon to be marry to a cousin and he have be enjoy his final day of freedom with a dubious young woman in london . the prince bring several expensive jewel with he to london for reset by cartiers and one of they – a fabulous ruby – be steal by the young woman . if it cannot be retrieve a scandal will ensue and because of this the police cannot be involve . the mystery can be solve at an old english country house call kings lacey where it will be arrange for poirot to join a family there for their christmas celebration supposedly to experience a typical english christmas .
67 poirot hear the child plan their murder through an open window and use this opportunity to take lee-wortley in . the ruby that bridget hold in the snow be a paste copy that poirot bring with he to the house and lee-wortley have take this with he . poirot suppose that he will go abroad where he will be surprise when he try to sell the false jewel . the real ruby be hide by the two thief in what they be tell be the new year pudding and they be unaware of the accident that befell the pudding intend for christmas day . lee-wortley s sister overhears this and be furious that he co-conspirator have leave she to face the music .
16 award-winning novelist denis johnson have say of the poem of franz wright they be like tiny jewel shape by blunt ruin fingers--miraculous gift . boston review have call wright s poetry among the most honest haunting and human being write today . critic ernest hilbert write for random house s magazine bold type that wright oscillate between direct and evasive diction between the barroom floor and the art club podium from aphoristic aside to icily poetic abstraction .
0 jewel box or jewel box can mean
5 a casket a box for jewel
3 places or architecture jewel box st . louis missouri list on the nrhp in missouri jewel box architectural style or any one of eight example of its application by architect louis sullivan such as national farmer s bank of owatonna jewel box park a type of baseball park
2 star cluster jewel box star cluster ngc 4755 a star cluster in crux
65 the series broadcast live featured namesake of celebrity and other famous name . on august 16 1955 when a woman contestant be discover to be hope diamond fadiman personally orchestrate an astounding surprise he arrange for the real carat 0 g hope diamond to be display to the amazed panelist and the national television audience . such be clifton fadiman s reputation that the priceless jewel be entrust to he .
14 ahensiya spanish agencia – agency ahente spanish agente – agent alahas spanish alhaja – jewel alambre spanish alambre – wire alkansiya spanish alcancía – piggy bank
48 after a few year of tour the united states driscoll leave the band and go back to teaching his first profession . the band achieve a small level of national fame when some of the fan of jewel kilcher begin to follow the group . steve poltz dated jewel for some time co-wrote some of she biggest hit and he be know to occasionally play with she include lead guitar on the spirit world tour in 2000 .
48 the story revolve around the four sang gres of lireo the center of worship in encantadia pirena amihan alena and danaya . pirena be the eldest daughter of mine-a the queen of lireo and hagorn the main antoganist of the story . she be the keeper of the jewel of fire and long to be queen . amihan be the second eldest and the daughter of mine-a and raquim mine-a s true love . she be the keeper of the jewel of wind and mine-a choose she to be the queen .
38 she be the keeper of the jewel of fire and long to be queen . amihan be the second eldest and the daughter of mine-a and raquim mine-a s true love . she be the keeper of the jewel of wind and mine-a choose she to be the queen . this make pirena really mad so she turn against the diwatas and join she evil father hagorn . alena be the third eldest daughter of mine-a alena and danaya s father be not reveal until etheria .
43 this make pirena really mad so she turn against the diwatas and join she evil father hagorn . alena be the third eldest daughter of mine-a alena and danaya s father be not reveal until etheria . alena be the keeper of the jewel of water . she fall in love with a man name ybaro who turn out to be the prince of the fall kingdom of sapiro whose real name be ybrahim . but there be some drama ... amihan also like ybaro
25 but there be some drama ... amihan also like ybaro anyways danaya be the youngest of she sister . she be the keeper of the jewel of earth and be a feisty girl who never like pirena . later in the series danaya become the new queen of lireo .
53 this also be the kingdom from where prince raquim king armeo s cousin and amihan s father hail from . it be also the kingdom that rescue the adamian from the clutch of the hathors during the time of their conquest . in that conquest the hathors get hold of two of the jewel and use this advantage to defeat the sapirian who have but one gemstone . the whole kingdom be destroy in that battle . king armeo be also kill later in the fight with king arvak the hathorian king at that time and the father of the present king hagorn .
64 it be home to many dangerous being bound by treacherous terrain and cavern . hathors be know throughout encantadium for their prowess in battle and superior knowledge of the art of war only the sapirian be more cunning and more war-like . during the latter half of his reign the hathorian king arvak embark on a campaign of conquest to steal all four elemental jewel that would signal the start of a chaotic era in the history of encantadia . arvak s ancient predecessor bartimus have a hand in the extinction of etheria and become a member of the council konseho of encantadia . after arvak die during the fall of sapiro his son and successor hagorn ascend the throne and continue his work .
78 as kalasag he be able to strike fear among his enemy until his secret be out and find himself he no longer need it because he have regain his confidence . raquim — a sapirian prince cousin of armeo father to amihan and the uncle of ybrahim he be the best swordsman that ever walk the face of encantadia and no one have ever beat he in battle . he be the gallant warrior who recover all the jewel from the hathors and deliver they in safekeep to his wife mine-a . he and minea have a daughter amihan with the lirean queen and hide their daughter with he along with the map of encantadia to the mortal world where he die at the hand of hagorn year later . he also teach ybarro how to fight better and stronger declare he his successor and give he his kalasag armor to help fight against the wielder of kabilan .
7 powerful artifact elemental gems originally a single jewel create by emre . if the four jewel be lose their keeper lose the power confer by their jewel as well as their own inherent elemental power . note that if ever a gem be lose or the guardian of a gem take it to their death chaos will fall upon encantadia .
15 powerful artifact elemental gems originally a single jewel create by emre . if the four jewel be lose their keeper lose the power confer by their jewel as well as their own inherent elemental power . note that if ever a gem be lose or the guardian of a gem take it to their death chaos will fall upon encantadia . for example when the gem of fire be lose when pirena die there be darkness and no warmth in encantadia .
26 powerful artifact elemental gems originally a single jewel create by emre . if the four jewel be lose their keeper lose the power confer by their jewel as well as their own inherent elemental power . note that if ever a gem be lose or the guardian of a gem take it to their death chaos will fall upon encantadia . for example when the gem of fire be lose when pirena die there be darkness and no warmth in encantadia .
40 although all the track can fit on a standard 80-minute disc it be release as a double album with packaging and cd design to make it look like a vinyl lp. the album be also release in a standard 2-disc jewel case .
43 in 2003 scappaticci be allege to have volunteer as an informer in 1978 after be assault in an argument with a fellow ira member . see guardian report 12 may 2003 available here . ingram paint scappaticci at this time as the crown jewel the best agent handle by the fru. he cite a number of allegation against scappaticci . his accusation center on various individual who die as a result of the activity of the isu between 1980 and 1990 .
28 the following year thesiger appear as a scottish butler with karloff in the ghoul a film about a man who seek to achieve immortality with a sacred egyptian jewel . the film be later lose but rediscover in 1969 . it be remake as the comedy what a carve up in 1961 .
8 journey to atlantis feature a small aquarium exhibit jewel of the sea in its gift shop exit area . inside guest will find aquarium build into the floor and the ceiling of the exhibit along with more traditional aquarium .
54 in 1719 tsar peter i the great found the earliest version of what we now know as the state diamond fund of the russian federation . peter have visit other european nation and introduce many innovation to russia one of which be the creation of a permanent fund фонд to house a collection of jewel which belong not to the romanov family but to the russian state . peter place all of the regalia in this fund and declare that the state holding be inviolate and could not be alter sell or give away and he also decree that each subsequent emperor or empress should leave a certain number of piece acquire during their reign to the state for the permanent glory of the russian empire .
64 the crown jewels be use as collateral by the soviet republic for a loan of $ 25,000 from the irish republic . the transfer be make in new york city between the head of the soviet bureau the de-facto soviet ambassador to america ludwig martens and the irish envoy in the united states teachta dála harry boland . when boland return to ireland the jewel be keep in the house of his mother kathleen boland o'donovan in dublin city during the irish war of independence . before boland die during the battle of dublin he instruct his mother to keep the jewel hide from the free state until the irish republicans return to power . m boland o'donovan return the jewel to the irish government under de valera in 1938.
79 the transfer be make in new york city between the head of the soviet bureau the de-facto soviet ambassador to america ludwig martens and the irish envoy in the united states teachta dála harry boland . when boland return to ireland the jewel be keep in the house of his mother kathleen boland o'donovan in dublin city during the irish war of independence . before boland die during the battle of dublin he instruct his mother to keep the jewel hide from the free state until the irish republicans return to power . m boland o'donovan return the jewel to the irish government under de valera in 1938. the jewel be place in a safe in government buildings and promptly forget about .
62 when boland return to ireland the jewel be keep in the house of his mother kathleen boland o'donovan in dublin city during the irish war of independence . before boland die during the battle of dublin he instruct his mother to keep the jewel hide from the free state until the irish republicans return to power . m boland o'donovan return the jewel to the irish government under de valera in 1938. the jewel be place in a safe in government buildings and promptly forget about .
45 before boland die during the battle of dublin he instruct his mother to keep the jewel hide from the free state until the irish republicans return to power . m boland o'donovan return the jewel to the irish government under de valera in 1938. the jewel be place in a safe in government buildings and promptly forget about .
73 on their discovery in 1948 by the new government lead by john a. costello it be originally intend that the set of crown jewels would be sell by public auction in london . however after consultation as to their legal status and negotiation with the soviet ambassador it be arrange for they to be return to the soviet union in exchange for the sum of $ 25,000 originally loan in 1920 . the jewel would ultimately return to moscow in 1950 . keogh dermot. 2005 twentieth century ireland revise edition gill macmillan dublin p . 208 isbn 0-7171-3297-8
14 san ramón museum museo de san ramón san ramón museo de cultura popular barva jewel of the humid tropics museum museo joyas del trópico húmedo santo domingo de heredia el mundo de la tortuga las tortugas playa grande karen mogensen fischer museum montezuma
23 elliott blake in columbo columbo go to the guillotine 1989 christopher edwards in the law lord 1991 william whitfield in danielle steel s jewel 1992 luke crossland in heartstone 1996 robin in mothertime 1997
28 charlemagne wear the imperial regalia . an imaginary portrait by albrecht dürerimperial crown reichskrone)imperial orb reichsapfel)coronation gospel krönungsevangeliar)glove from palermo before 1220 the imperial regalia insignia or crown jewel in german reichskleinodien reichsinsignien or reichsschatz be the regalia of the emperors and kings of the holy roman empire . the most important part be the imperial crown the holy lance and the imperial sword . today they be keep at the schatzkammer treasury in the hofburg palace in vienna austria .
22 components the regalia be make out of two different part . the greater group be the so-called nürnberger kleinodien roughly translate nuremberg jewel name after the town of nuremberg where the regalia be keep from 1424 to 1796 . this part comprise the imperial crown part of the coronation vestment the imperial orb a globus cruciger the imperial sceptre the imperial sword the ceremonial sword the imperial cross the holy lance and all other reliquiary except st . stephen s purse .
32 st . stephen s purse the imperial bible and the so-called saber of charlemagne be keep in aachen until 1794 . that be why the lesser part be call aachener kleinodien aachen jewel . it be neither know since when this part be count amongst the imperial regalia nor since when these regalia have be keep in aachen .
33 the crown can only be date back to the 13th century when it be describe in a medieval poem . the poem speak of the waise stone which be a big and prominent jewel on the crown . the first definite pictorial image of the crown can only be find later in a mural in the karlstein castle close to prague .
25 his dynamic nature be demonstrate by the alacrity with which he deal with a highwayman who stop his carriage in park lane and demand money jewel and watch at gunpoint while two accomplice seize the horse ’ head . graham who be at the opposite side of the carriage leapt across the lady to the carriage-door and collar the assailant throw he to the ground . then draw his sword which at that period form part of a dress suit he threaten to run the man through if his associate hold the horse ’ head attempt to come to his assistance .
10 chicago outfit career lombardo begin his outfit career as a jewel thief and as a juice loan collector . the lost don in 1963 lombardo be arrest and charge with kidnap and loan sharking but he be acquit after a factory worker who have owe $ 2,000 and who be behind on his payment could not positively identify lombardo . the acquittal be lombardo s 11th in 11 arrest .
19 let i in 2007 hot hot heat rock n roll jesus 2007 kid rock goodbye alice in wonderland 2006 jewel the black parade 2006 my chemical romance b be for b-side 2004 less than jake
50 though he be portray as a cutthroat criminal his character be show to be more complex motivate by a peculiar type of morality and justice as well as a need to protect the vulnerable even while seem to disparage they . for example though he profess to keep the crippled jewel around in case someone with only nine cent want a whore trixie relate that his employment of jewel be really his sick way of protect she . swearengen smother the rev. smith but this be to end his suffering rather than out of ill intent . his opposition to both the pinkertons and george hearst s machination also demonstrate a character motivate by morality and the desire to protect the powerless .
0 jewel jewel geri jewell be the disabled cleaning woman at the gem al swearengen s saloon and brothel . she be play by geri jewell who be affect by cerebral palsy .
1 jewel jewel geri jewell be the disabled cleaning woman at the gem al swearengen s saloon and brothel . she be play by geri jewell who be affect by cerebral palsy . jewel oftentimes use she job in the gem to overhear what be really go on .
31 jewel geri jewell be the disabled cleaning woman at the gem al swearengen s saloon and brothel . she be play by geri jewell who be affect by cerebral palsy . jewel oftentimes use she job in the gem to overhear what be really go on . coffee and most of the meal from the gem kitchen be prepare by she . al make a public show of barely tolerate she often publicly refer to she as the gimp or complain about she noisily drag she stiff leg .
87 when al be briefly disable after a minor stroke jewel be hear to loudly comment he be always drag that fucking leg despite jewel s apparent dismissal of al s comment she take it upon herself to enlist the town doctor to make she a leg brace to ease she own movement as well as al s loud constant complain . trixie defend swearengen to calamity jane cite jewel as an example of al s kindness which he publicly downplay . al maintain that he only keep jewel around in case a customer only have nine cent i .e . can not afford the usual price of a gem whore but trixie call this his twist ... way of protect she imply he may simply be fond of she as she be see exclusively cook and cleaning . it be also hint al pay she to do this as she can afford to buy trixie a second gun during the first season . at one point al remark that he first meet jewel in a chicago orphanage suggest that their relationship be akin to that of brother and sister .
2 the crown jewel or royal regalia of norway include nine item the king s crown the sword of the realm the king s sceptre the king s orb the queen s crown the queen s sceptre the queen s orb the crown of the crown prince and the anointing horn . also in this collection be several coronation robe two banner of the realm and coronation throne .
45 so they need to also fight against the fearsome boggy the kid . after get the gold the player s quest continue to the ancient arabia which be be conquer by ali baboon and his pesky thief . ali baboon have steal the queen s jewel and the player s mission be to stop he . after complete their mission in arabia worminkle make a few fix with his time machine but accidentally drop a letter which be read by the player s team of worm . it be say in the letter that the government be plan to build a new research laboratory replace worminkle university .
27 since the mid 1990 s the cd have become the most common form of physically distribute music product . package format vary include the very common plastic jewel case and the popular cardboard plastic combination commonly know as a digipak . typically the album cover component of these package be approximately 4.75 inch square .
9 jim jarmusch hou hsiao-hsien be not only the crowning jewel of contemporary taiwanese cinema but an international treasure . his film be for i among the most inspiring of the past thirty year and his grace and subtlety as a filmmaker remain unrivaled . film after film hou hsiao-hsien be able to adeptly balance a historical and cultural overview with the smallest most quiet and intimate detail of individual interaction .
41 when otto of bavaria become the first king of greece in 1832 when the great european power force the militarily chastened ottoman empire to formally accept its independence he bring with he from bavaria some of his ancestral wittelsbach dynasty crown jewel a crown orb and sceptre which he declare to be the crown jewels of greece . however when he be overthrow in a coup in 1862 and flee he take his jewel back with he to bavaria .
73 when otto of bavaria become the first king of greece in 1832 when the great european power force the militarily chastened ottoman empire to formally accept its independence he bring with he from bavaria some of his ancestral wittelsbach dynasty crown jewel a crown orb and sceptre which he declare to be the crown jewels of greece . however when he be overthrow in a coup in 1862 and flee he take his jewel back with he to bavaria .
50 woven mat serve a variety of purpose from the ordinary to the ceremonial . many weave mat be pass down from generation to generation acquire greater status with the passage of time . it be in fact a collection of these mat in the palace that form the true crown jewel of tonga . these royal mat be display only on high state occasion such as the death of a member of the royal family or the coronation of a monarch .
56 anne carew bess mother be the daughter of nicholas carew and elizabeth carew née bryan . nicholas have be a close friend of henry s from childhood until his execution in 1539 . alison weir allege that elizabeth carew have earlier be the mistress of henry viii citation need and that he have even give she jewel that should technically have belong to the queen when she give birth to she son . however there be no contemporary reference to a possibility of any of elizabeth s child be father by henry .
3 the imperial crown jewel of iran also know as the imperial crown jewel of persia include several elaborate crown and decorative throne thirty tiara and numerous aigrette a dozen bejewel sword and shield a vast number of unset precious gem numerous plate and other dine service cast in precious metal and encrust with gem and several other more unusual item such as a gemstone globe collect by the iranian monarchy during its 2,500-year existence .
12 the imperial crown jewel of iran also know as the imperial crown jewel of persia include several elaborate crown and decorative throne thirty tiara and numerous aigrette a dozen bejewel sword and shield a vast number of unset precious gem numerous plate and other dine service cast in precious metal and encrust with gem and several other more unusual item such as a gemstone globe collect by the iranian monarchy during its 2,500-year existence .
44 safavid and afsharid conquest the majority of the item now in the collection be acquire by the safavid dynasty which rule iran from 1502 to 1736 ad. afghans invade iran in 1719 and sack the then capital of isfahan and take the iranian crown jewel as plunder . by 1729 however after an internal struggle of nearly a decade nader shah afshar successfully drive the afghans from iran . in 1738 the shah launch his own campaign against the afghan homeland .
69 by 1729 however after an internal struggle of nearly a decade nader shah afshar successfully drive the afghans from iran . in 1738 the shah launch his own campaign against the afghan homeland . after take and raid the city of kandahar and kabul as well as several principality in northern india and sack delhi the victorious nader shah return to iran with what remain of the plundered crown jewel as well as several other precious object now find in the iranian treasury . these include several heavily jewel-encrusted throne and numerous diamond emerald ruby sapphire and other precious gemstone . four of the most prominent acquisition from this conquest be the koh-i-noor and darya-ye noor diamond both originating from india and still amongst the largest in the world the peacock throne and the samarian spinel .
16 mohammad reza shah crown his wife empress farah at their coronation in 1967.modern usage the crown jewel be last use by the pahlavi dynasty the last to rule iran . the splendor of the collection come to the attention of the western world largely through their use by mohammad reza shah pahlavi and his shahbanu empress farah pahlavi during official ceremony and state visit .
3 the iranian crown jewel be consider so valuable that they be still use as a reserve to back iranian currency and have be use this way by several successive government . in 1937 during the reign of reza shah pahlavi ownership of the imperial treasury be transfer to the state . the jewel be place in the vault of the national bank of iran where they be use as collateral to strengthen the financial power of the institution and to back the national monetary system .
52 the iranian crown jewel be consider so valuable that they be still use as a reserve to back iranian currency and have be use this way by several successive government . in 1937 during the reign of reza shah pahlavi ownership of the imperial treasury be transfer to the state . the jewel be place in the vault of the national bank of iran where they be use as collateral to strengthen the financial power of the institution and to back the national monetary system . this important economic role be perhaps one reason why these thing undeniable symbol of iran s monarchic past have be retain by the current islamic republic .
13 public display because of their great value and economic significance the iranian crown jewel be for century keep far from public view in the vault of the imperial treasury . however as the first pahlavi shah have transfer ownership of the crown jewel to the state his son mohammad reza pahlavi decree that the most spectacular of the jewel should be put on public display at the central bank of iran .
42 public display because of their great value and economic significance the iranian crown jewel be for century keep far from public view in the vault of the imperial treasury . however as the first pahlavi shah have transfer ownership of the crown jewel to the state his son mohammad reza pahlavi decree that the most spectacular of the jewel should be put on public display at the central bank of iran .
58 public display because of their great value and economic significance the iranian crown jewel be for century keep far from public view in the vault of the imperial treasury . however as the first pahlavi shah have transfer ownership of the crown jewel to the state his son mohammad reza pahlavi decree that the most spectacular of the jewel should be put on public display at the central bank of iran .
20 when the iranian revolution topple the pahlavi dynasty in 1979 it be fear that in the chaos the iranian crown jewel have be steal or sell by the revolutionary . although in fact some smaller item be steal and smuggle across iran s border the bulk of the collection remain intact . this become evident when the revolutionary government under the presidency of hashemi rafsanjani re-open the permanent exhibition of the iranian crown jewel to the public in the 1990s .
73 when the iranian revolution topple the pahlavi dynasty in 1979 it be fear that in the chaos the iranian crown jewel have be steal or sell by the revolutionary . although in fact some smaller item be steal and smuggle across iran s border the bulk of the collection remain intact . this become evident when the revolutionary government under the presidency of hashemi rafsanjani re-open the permanent exhibition of the iranian crown jewel to the public in the 1990s . they remain on public display today .
22 # virgin love furil # ichiokuichi no kiseki miracle of one in a million imai yuka # kisetsu ga kureta jewel the jewel the season give we furil # funk jama-pi matsumoto miwa # monochrome furil
26 and here be where i find myself in deep water again because i ask this conventionally pretty and very likely pampered professor’s wife this elegant blond jewel of a woman dress in impeccable taste the next question in the sequence that be “how many orgasm do you experience on average ”
13 a half-arch be the piece of gold silver or platinum usually decorate with jewel that link the circlet circular base of a crown to the globe at the top of the crown .
10 plot tony le stéphanois have do five year for a jewel heist and be now out on the street and down on his luck . his friend jo approach tony about another jewel heist in which they and mario would stealthily cut the glass on a parisian jeweler s front window and grab some gem . tony opt not to participate .
32 plot tony le stéphanois have do five year for a jewel heist and be now out on the street and down on his luck . his friend jo approach tony about another jewel heist in which they and mario would stealthily cut the glass on a parisian jeweler s front window and grab some gem . tony opt not to participate . tony learn that his old girlfriend mado have now align herself with pierre grutter .
61 meanwhile grutter have see mado and she injury mado break off their relationship . from this grutter infer that tony be at the root of mado s decision he then give drug to his heroin-addicted brother and tell he to murder tony . grutter see the diamond cesar give to viviane and realize that césar and tony be responsible for the jewel theft . grutter force césar to confess . seek revenge and money grutter s gang brutally murder mario and his wife ida .
28 grutter force césar to confess . seek revenge and money grutter s gang brutally murder mario and his wife ida . tony retrieve mario s share of the jewel and pay for a splendid funeral for he . tony go look for grutter and find the captive césar who confess to rat he out to grutter . with regret tony kill césar .
11 fact armory be a chimney sweep s boy who find a jewel in the setting of a ring . he take the jewel to the shop of delamirie a goldsmith to obtain a valuation of the item . an apprentice the agent of delamirie surreptitiously remove the gem from the setting on the pretense of weigh it .
22 fact armory be a chimney sweep s boy who find a jewel in the setting of a ring . he take the jewel to the shop of delamirie a goldsmith to obtain a valuation of the item . an apprentice the agent of delamirie surreptitiously remove the gem from the setting on the pretense of weigh it . the apprentice return with the empty setting and inform armory that it be worth three halfpenny .
50 the apprentice return with the empty setting and inform armory that it be worth three halfpenny . the apprentice offer to pay he for it but armory refuse and ask the apprentice to return the stone and set in their prior condition . the apprentice return the socket of the jewel without the gem . armory bring an action against delamirie in trover via respondeat superior for the action of his apprentice .
15 the issue before the court be whether either party have any property rights to the jewel .
14 judgment the court hold that both armory and delamirie have property rights in the jewel even though neither be the true owner . lord pratt cj hold they each have a right to possession that be enforceable against everyone except those with a greater right to the possession . the true owner of the jewel be not relevant the court be only concern with who have a better right to possession .
53 the court hold that both armory and delamirie have property rights in the jewel even though neither be the true owner . lord pratt cj hold they each have a right to possession that be enforceable against everyone except those with a greater right to the possession . the true owner of the jewel be not relevant the court be only concern with who have a better right to possession . the priority of rights to possession say that a finder have better title to property that he or she find over everyone except the true owner thus armory have full title to the jewel . the court find in favour of armory .
82 lord pratt cj hold they each have a right to possession that be enforceable against everyone except those with a greater right to the possession . the true owner of the jewel be not relevant the court be only concern with who have a better right to possession . the priority of rights to possession say that a finder have better title to property that he or she find over everyone except the true owner thus armory have full title to the jewel . the court find in favour of armory . since the jewel be not produce at the trial armory be award the maximum value that a jewel of that form could have under the principle that a wrongdoer should not be able to derive gain i .e . uncertainty of damages from the effect of his wrong-doing .
45 the priority of rights to possession say that a finder have better title to property that he or she find over everyone except the true owner thus armory have full title to the jewel . the court find in favour of armory . since the jewel be not produce at the trial armory be award the maximum value that a jewel of that form could have under the principle that a wrongdoer should not be able to derive gain i .e . uncertainty of damages from the effect of his wrong-doing .
60 the priority of rights to possession say that a finder have better title to property that he or she find over everyone except the true owner thus armory have full title to the jewel . the court find in favour of armory . since the jewel be not produce at the trial armory be award the maximum value that a jewel of that form could have under the principle that a wrongdoer should not be able to derive gain i .e . uncertainty of damages from the effect of his wrong-doing .
72 the bone that linster discover on that hilltop lead to the excavation of a skeleton that be approximately 95 percent complete . because of its completeness florida paleontology institute director martin shugar compare it to the rosetta stone that enable archaeologist to translate egyptian hieroglyphic . yale paleontologist john ostrom who reintroduce the theory of bird evolution from dinosaur after his 1964 discovery of deinonychus in wyoming agree call the specimen a jewel and tell reporter that the completeness and undistorted quality of the bone should help scientist further understand the dinosaur-bird link . the specimen be currently house at the american museum of natural history new york .
56 design as be the norm with european crown napoleon s crown be make up of eight half-arch which meet at a golden globe on top of which be place a cross . the crown itself be mock mediæval in style reliant totally on gold and metallic decoration and devoid of the major cover with diamond and jewel fashionable in crown make later in the 19th century .
41 in 1885 to impede any further attempt at royal or imperial restoration the french national assembly opt to sell most of the french crown jewels . only a handful of crown be keep for historic reason and they have their precious jewel replace in they by decorated glass . napoleon i s crown be one of the few keep . it be now on display in the louvre museum in paris .
47 after 1918 and the establishment of the czechoslovak republic the coronation jewels cease to serve their original function but remain important as symbol of national independence and statehood . accord to the ancient tradition and regulation lay down by charles the fourth in the 14th century the jewel be exhibit only to mark special occasion last time in 2008 .
44 the crown of queen adelaide be the consort crown of adelaide of saxe-meiningen wife and queen consort of king william iv of the united kingdom . it be use at the coronation of william and adelaide in 1831 . it be empty of its jewel soon afterwards be not wear again by queen adelaide and have never be wear since .
35 the new crown follow british crown tradition in have four half arch meet a globe on top of which sit a cross . the queen have object to the standard practice of hire diamond and jewel for a crown prior to its use . instead diamond from she own private jewellery be install in she new crown . follow the coronation the diamond be all remove and the crown store as a shell .
28 oklahoma state university . . within the marwari breed be a strain know as the natchni believe by native to be born to dance . decorated in silver jewel and bell these horse be train to perform complex prancing and leap movement at many ceremony include wedding . these highly trained horse be still in demand in rural india today .
45 to this point the hermès family still keep strong hold of about 80 percent in stock place jean-louis dumas and the entire family on the forbes list of billionaire . mimi tompkins of u.s. news world report call the company one of paris best guard jewel . in the next year to follow dumas begin to decrease hermès franchise from 250 to 200 and increase company own store from 60 to 100 to better control sale of its product . the plan be to cost about ffr 200 million in the short-term but to increase profit in the long-term .
44 it be generally think to be a whorl of hair and be a mark or sign of the buddha as a mahāpuruṣa or great being . the device be often see on sculpture from the 2nd century ce. sometimes it be represent with a jewel and frequently say to symbolize wisdom . in the lalitavistara it be the place from which a emit ray of brilliant light .
32 alexandra feodorovna be an avid reader and enjoy music . she be kind and like privacy and simplicity . she dress elegantly with a decide preference for light color and collect beautiful jewel . neither arrogant nor frivolous alexandra be not without intelligence and have an excellent memory she reading be quite extensive she judgment of man sure slightly ironical . tsar nicholas i the life of an absolute monarch constantin de grunwald p . 137 description of alexandra feodorovna personality by meyendorff however she interest be mostly shallow .
5 toyotama-hime 豊玉姫 japanese for luminous jewel also know as otohime 乙姫 be a goddess in japanese mythology and the daughter of ryūjin the god of the sea . she marry the hunter hoori and give birth to a son who in turn produce emperor jimmu the first emperor of japan . after give birth she turn into a dragon or a wani and fly away .
59 the curse of the jade scorpion be a 2001 film direct write by and star woody allen . the cast also feature dan aykroyd elizabeth berkley helen hunt john schuck wallace shawn david ogden stiers and charlize theron . the plot concern an insurance investigator and an efficiency expert who be both hypnotize by a crooked hypnotist into steal jewel .
32 the gold and silver crown frame be design by philip liebart of rundell bridge and rundell . it contain an innovative design that make the frame almost invisible behind the crown s jewel . 12,314 jewel diamond be set in the crown .
35 the gold and silver crown frame be design by philip liebart of rundell bridge and rundell . it contain an innovative design that make the frame almost invisible behind the crown s jewel . 12,314 jewel diamond be set in the crown .
37 george iv be determine to have his crown make the official crown of england in preference to st . edward s crown . however two year of pressure on his government fail to ensure that the hire jewel that decorate the crown be buy outright by the state . in 1823 he concede defeat . the hire jewel be return and the crown leave an empty shell .
34 however two year of pressure on his government fail to ensure that the hire jewel that decorate the crown be buy outright by the state . in 1823 he concede defeat . the hire jewel be return and the crown leave an empty shell . it be never again wear by he or by any future monarch .
4 after stand empty of jewel for nearly 180 year it have now be rejewell with diamond loan by de beers . it be on display in the tower of london .
34 kutila mura situate on a plateau . about 5 kilometre north of salban vihara be another important buddhist establishment . here three stupa be find side by side represent the buddhist trinity or three jewel i .e . the buddha dharma and sangha . charpatra mura be another 2.5 km . north-west of kutila mura stupa .
51 literaturethe white cobra curl around the king s ankus on the cover of the second jungle book . in rudyard kipling s second jungle book story the king s ankus mowgli find the magnificently-jeweled ankus of the title in a hidden treasure chamber . not realize the value man place on jewel he later casually discard it in the jungle unwittingly lead to a chain of greed and murder amongst those who find it after he .
61 in iconography and ceremonial ritual tool the ankusha be often include in a hybridized tool for example one that include element of vajrakila hooked knife or skin flail tibetan gri-gug sanskrit kartika vajra and axe as well as the goad functionality for example . ritual ankusha be often finely wrought of precious metal and even fabricate from ivory often encrust with jewel . in dharmic tradition the goad/ankusha and rope noose/snare/lasso sanskrit pāśa be traditionally pair as tool and accoutrement of subjugation .
10 a steal jewelry subplot a character be accuse of a jewel theft include a blue diamond he do not commit .
42 television dance be currently star in the itv2 drama trinity which air sunday at 10pm . he make his screen debut in 1974 but his big break come ten year later when he play the major role of guy perron in the jewel in the crown granada television christopher morahan 1984 an adaptation of paul scott s novel that also make star of geraldine james and art malik . he have also star in many other british television drama such as murder room rebecca the phantom of the opera fingersmith and bleak house for which he receive an emmy nomination . he be name-check in the british comedy series absolutely fabulous as be slate to play the title character in the life of jesus christ 2 which be film in morocco at the same time as the main character of the series be there for a photo shoot.recently star in merlin for bbc as an infamous witch hunter bbc merlin season 2 2009
75 the amazing mumbo be a turquoise-skinned magician whose power be largely base on stage magic feat note by robin as a former stage magician now employ his skill for theft and mayhem . he be actually a old man but he use the wand he have to give himself blue skin and use the wand to perform his power . he first battle the titans in a junkyard and flee after be confront about a jewel theft . cyborg also go miss and the titans give chase after mistakenly believe mumbo be involve in his disappearance . mumbo be capture and his wand break strip he of his magic power .
16 anglican bishop normally wear a pectoral cross usually on a chain which may be adorn with jewel and the episcopal ring .
39 steve poltz bear february 19 1960 be a canadian-born american singer-songwriter and guitarist base in san diego california . he be a found member of the indie-rock band the rugburns and be best know for co-writ the # 2 jewel song you be meant for me . he appear in the video and have work with jewel on many occasion such as tour she platinum and diamond album and singles .
95 on april 15 1912 lady marjorie and she lady s maid miss roberts along with lady majories brother the new lord southwell and his new wife be passenger on the ill-fated voyage of the rms titanic . they be both presume dead but roberts survive and later inform the family that lady marjorie have at first refuse to go out on deck as it be to cold . when order to by the ship crew they find on deck a little girl cry she have lose she mother at this point lady majorie press she jewel case into roberts hand tell she to keep it safe for she as she take the little girl hand say she would help she find she mother . this be the last time roberts see she ladyship . roberts be forcably place into a lifeboat before lady majorie return and even though there be hardly anyone aboard the lifeboat the crew refuse to return to the ship because of the fear of be suck down as the titanic sink .
23 as a federal team the group respond to emergency all over the country take down elite bank robber drug kingpin domestic terrorist spy jewel thief and corrupt cop . the drama’s character-driven storyline emphasize the taut cat-and-mouse game play by the undercover agent as they attempt to infiltrate the life of a gallery of criminal include murderous master thief jack “sonny ” walker william forsythe and imprison drug lord carlos cortez steven bauer in a recurring role .
2 maiduguri the jewel in the sahara . ikenna emewu. daily sun nigeria saturday august 7 2004 .
19 in a special book of dispensation grant by the higher court . his regalia and clothes the guilding and jewel decoration of betel box spittoon fly-whisk and such article of use the dress of minister the umbrella spear and horse in procession the
37 after be expel by athos she eventually marry the english lord de winter . soon a widow she wind up in the employ of cardinal richelieu work as his spy assassin and messenger . she steal the jewel that anne of austria wife of king louis xiii entrust to she lover the english duke of buckingham but the intended scandal be averted .
42 in detail the life of cuchulain lehane write that in the early world tribe need champion to protect they and lead they in battle . the king could not risk his life so in his place a hero fight and be the jewel in a king s crown . it emphasize that hero be often bear to god and mortal queens--it be not give to peasant to birth hero . such man be warrior and be expect to be fierce and savage .
16 star ocean till the end of time nel zelpher uncredited steambot chronicles coriander uncredited suikoden iv jewel uncredited suikoden tactics seneca uncredited tale of legendia harriet isabella uncredited
10 san-xネット フレンドリーミックス japanese homekoro a round brown pomeranian dog . jewel cat a pretty cat whose eye be make of jewel and life in a jewel box #jewelcatlightbox kamonohashikamo a platypus kyoo usa a rabbit
20 san-xネット フレンドリーミックス japanese homekoro a round brown pomeranian dog . jewel cat a pretty cat whose eye be make of jewel and life in a jewel box #jewelcatlightbox kamonohashikamo a platypus kyoo usa a rabbit
25 san-xネット フレンドリーミックス japanese homekoro a round brown pomeranian dog . jewel cat a pretty cat whose eye be make of jewel and life in a jewel box #jewelcatlightbox kamonohashikamo a platypus kyoo usa a rabbit
26 in versailles a group of freebooter invade the local masonic lodge and lift the lodge s silver coin jewelry . morgan himself a mason order the jewel return punish the thievery of his own man .
26 . many of the top driver from across the united states come to boone to compete in the weeklong event . the event be the crown jewel of the series . make the final feature be consider a career highlight . the event be broadcast on the internet .
2 the slim jewel box use for 3 cd be nearly the same size as 3.5 floppy disk make storage box for 3.5 floppy usable for 3 cd as well .
112 grant moray province and people p . 152 boardman early stewart kings pp . 175 6 it be believe that he also burn pluscarden priory at this time which be officially under the bishop s protection . mccormack excavations at pluscarden priory p . 393 bur write to the king seek reparation in a letter state my church be the particular ornament of the fatherland the glory of the kingdom the joy of stranger and income guest the object of praise and exaltation in other kingdom because of its decoration by which it be believe that god be properly worship not to mention its high bell tower its venerable furnishings and uncountable jewel . 19th-century depiction of the burning of elgin cathedral king robert grant bur an annuity of £20 for the period of the bishop’s lifetime and the pope provide income from the scottish church during the follow decade . in 1400 bur write to the abbot of arbroath complain that the abbot s prebendary church in the moray diocese have not pay their due towards the cathedral restoration .
22 newer song be introduce in a weekly section call el joyón musical joyón can be an augmentative for either the word joya jewel or joyo an alternate spelling for hole and puerto rican vulgar slang for anus . the song be then place in heavy rotation as filler between section and in the puerto rico broadcast of the show to cover local new york radio spot that be irrelevant to the puerto rican market .
47 in etheria she will lead the other three sing gres in battle against their new enemy the three etherian who come out of the portal in episode 138. during the last war of encantadia she face she gabay-diwa sari-a at the lirean front . she gain the jewel of earth back as amihan have kill ether and sari-a apologize to she panginoon lord in filipino because of what she have do to encantadia . in a few year she renounce she throne to lireo to cassandra and reunite with aquil she love and she daughter .
23 animal would die . beings in encantadia would weaken and would soon die . this have be experience when she once lose the jewel of earth .
54 this ability allow they to magically be transport from one place to another so as long as they know the place where they will be go . however this power be inaccessible when a sang gre be physically bind . elemental powers destine to be the future bearer of the brilyante ng lupa earth jewel danaya have control over everything connect to it . she can summon plant to aid she in battle and can even communicate to animal . she power be not just limit to the encantadia s biosphere as she can manipulate the movement of earth itself cause massive earthquake and erecting earth-made structure .
18 arnis stick though danaya can use sword and other arsenal as show in etheria when they lose their jewel she weapon of choice be a pair of arni stick . as she power correspond to the earth it be understandable that she weapon be something make from tree that she be affiliate with . brilyante ng lupa though not technically design for battle the jewel bless its keeper with special ability which be in the case of the earth jewel the ability to heal .
64 arnis stick though danaya can use sword and other arsenal as show in etheria when they lose their jewel she weapon of choice be a pair of arni stick . as she power correspond to the earth it be understandable that she weapon be something make from tree that she be affiliate with . brilyante ng lupa though not technically design for battle the jewel bless its keeper with special ability which be in the case of the earth jewel the ability to heal . danaya be bear have the ability to tap into its power and when the time come that she be task to be its guradian she power greatly increase and she connection the earth strengthen .
93 instead certain ceremony be pick by the family of the bride and the groom depend on their family tradition caste jāti etc . hence the ceremony vary among the various ethnic group that practice hinduism . the wedding be normally conduct under a wedding mandap a canopy traditionally with four pillar and an important component of the ceremony be the sacred fire agni that be witness to the ceremony . sometimes the bride come to she husband s house in a dolus which be a palanquin traditionally make of wood and decorate with jewel . before the wedding party depart to the hindu temple the priest will sometimes place a coconut under the tire . in the old day a horse-drawn carriage be use to carry the bride and groom and the breaking of the coconut demonstrate the road-worthiness of the horse-drawn carriage .
0 jewel theater latd>90 in latd<-90 in latm<0 in lats<0 in longm<0 in longs<0 in
1 a jewel with a golden edge
1 a jewel with a golden edge
1 a jewel with a golden edge
1 a jewel with a golden edge
1 a jewel with a golden edge
1 a jewel with a golden edge
67 andreas seyfarth bear november 6 1962 be a german-style board game designer who be most famous for create puerto rico which until august 2008 be rate # 1 on boardgamegeek and be now rank # 2 . boardgamegeek boardgames sorted by rank in 2002 the game be award first place for the prestigious deutscher spiele preis german for german game prize . seyfarth also receive the crown jewel of german board-game award the spiel des jahres german for game of the year in 1994 and 2006 for his game manhattan and thurn and taxis respectively .
36 a severe and proud dame she be bestow every day in dress herself neat as much time as any of the gentry of the land powder she hair and paint she face go with necklace with jewel in she ear and bracelet upon she hand . when she have dress herself she work be to make girdle of wampum and bead .
39 the earliest badge design be what be now use as the new member pin . in 1894 the triangle badge be choose . jeweled badge be approve at the 1915 convention when the pearl be adopt as the national jewel . unjeweled badge have a scroll edge . badge be either make of silver white gold or yellow gold .
8 an illustration of a pivotal scene in the jewel of gwahlur as depict by gregory manchess in the conquering sword of conan del rey 2005 .
0 jewel of gwahlur be one of the original short story star the fictional sword and sorcery hero conan the cimmerian write by american author robert e. howard . it be set in the pseudo-historical hyborian age and concern several party include conan fight over and hunt for the eponymous treasure in hyborian africa . the tale be first publish in weird tales in 1935 .
14 the story be set in hyborian africa . the teeth of gwahlur be legendary jewel keep in the abandon city of alkmeenon in the country of keshan which in itself be consider mythical by many northern and western nation .
44 when in the abandon city the initial atmosphere of the supernatural give way to intrigue over the oracle . zargheba have bring along a corinthian slave girl muriela to play the part of the oracle and tell the priest to hand all of the jewel to thutmekri . conan be first scare of the living oracle but quickly discover the ruse . intrigue and mystery follow as the imposter and the body of the genuine oracle switch and reappear .
43 eventually he die there and his servant bury he as per his instruction but then disappear from history . they be reveal to be large gray-furred ape-like creature . they kill the survivor of thutmekri s party when they attempt to claim the jewel . conan manage to acquire the chest contain the jewel but be force to abandon they to save muriela . they escape together and conan end the story by outline a new plan i can use an actress like you .
34 they be reveal to be large gray-furred ape-like creature . they kill the survivor of thutmekri s party when they attempt to claim the jewel . conan manage to acquire the chest contain the jewel but be force to abandon they to save muriela . they escape together and conan end the story by outline a new plan i can use an actress like you . there be no use go back to keshia .
44 reprint history the story be republish in the collection king conan gnome press 1953 and conan the warrior lancer books 1967 . it have more recently be publish in the collection the conan chronicles volume 2 the hour of the dragon gollancz 2001 as jewel of gwalhur and the conquering sword of conan 2005 under howard s original title the servants of bit-yakin .
61 the main plot of the story be that paula santos the owner of captain s cove amusement park in new jersey be ask nancy for help because there have be mysterious hauntings at the park the carousel be turn on and off at night all by itself and its lead horse be miss in which there be rumor to be steal jewel hide . a roller coaster in the park have also stop suddenly result in a lawsuit . the park be currently shut down for maintenance .
11 wiba be see by many within the sport as the crown jewel of woman s boxing distinguish itself from other sanctioning body .
47 gameplay overviewbasic the player must guide lolo through a room of 11x11 tile and have lolo collect all of the heart framer sometimes refer to as hf s in the room . do so open up a jewel box which contain an item sometimes a key or jewel . successfully acquire the contents of the jewel box will clear the room of all monster and open the way to the next room(s . player will need to navigate lolo past the many monster see throughout the room some harmless while other deadly .
64 there be many story of she care for she people . she help widow retain their husband ’ wealth . she make sure that a widow be allow to adopt a son in fact in one instance when she minister refuse to allow the adoption unless he be suitably bribe she be say to have sponsor the child herself and give he clothes and jewel as part of the ritual . to honour the memory of ahilyadevi holkar in 1996 lead citizen of indore institute an award in she name to be bestow annually on an outstanding public figure . the prime minister of india give away the first award to nanaji deshmukh .
35 plot summary the story flash back three month to ramat one of the richest country of the middle east where a revolution be about to take place . prince ali yusuf give a fortune in jewel which he need send out of the country into the safekeeping of bob rawlinson his personal pilot and the only person he can trust . rawlinson comply with the prince’s request apparently by conceal the jewel in the luggage of his sister joan sutcliffe who be travel with she daughter jennifer . he be see do this by an unknown woman in the next room .
69 the story flash back three month to ramat one of the richest country of the middle east where a revolution be about to take place . prince ali yusuf give a fortune in jewel which he need send out of the country into the safekeeping of bob rawlinson his personal pilot and the only person he can trust . rawlinson comply with the prince’s request apparently by conceal the jewel in the luggage of his sister joan sutcliffe who be travel with she daughter jennifer . he be see do this by an unknown woman in the next room . soon after both rawlinson and the prince be kill in an airplane crash while attempt to leave the country .
47 he be see do this by an unknown woman in the next room . soon after both rawlinson and the prince be kill in an airplane crash while attempt to leave the country . a number of people include british intelligence get onto the trail of the jewel and their attention focus on meadowbank school where not only jennifer but also the prince’s cousin and expect fiancée shaista be study .
66 poirot review what the reader already know and then explain that princess shaista be an impostor the real shaista have be kidnap much earlier in switzerland and the apparent abduction be actually she escape from the school . she be the representative of one group of interest who crucially do not know where the gem have be conceal . the murderer however do know where the jewel be conceal and must have be in ramat to see bob rawlinson hide they . most of the teacher could not have be there … the exception be eileen rich who be apparently sick at the time but be in fact in ramat . jennifer have even recognise she although she remember the woman she have see as a fatter woman .
21 it be reveal that ann shapland murder miss springer who disturb she when she be search the sports pavilion for the jewel and miss blanche who know she secret . the murder of miss vansittart for which ann have a perfect alibi be commit instead by miss chadwick . she admit to kill miss vansittart with a handy sandbag .
44 in chapter 13 ii of the novel mention be make of popular british comedy actress joyce grenfell . in 1957 grenfell have appear in blue murder at st trinian s a comedy set in a girl ’ school with a plot that include a jewel thief and a foreign prince .
94 the murder of miss vansittart however be keep loosely in the adaptation miss chadwick cosh miss rich hope that miss bulstrode will nominate she miss chadwick as she successor instead but miss rich ultimately survive the attack . the addition of a subplot concern miss springer s blackmail of another teacher all in all this version of the character be much more sadistic and bullying than the one in christie s original story whom she describe as a woman you could neither love or hate . eliminate the murderer s attempt at steal the jewel from jennifer sutcliffe by pose as a stranger with a new tennis racquet from she aunt gina subsequently jennifer be not the unobservant and uninterested character as in the novel . another small fact relate to the theme of conceal identity — a pregnant and hardly recognizable miss rich be in ramat at the time of the revolution — be also leave out of the adaptation although miss rich be still pregnant and deliver a stillborn child during a leave of absence in the adaptation . eliminate most of the novel s scene set in egypt and the british secret service due to time constraint .
14 this project first conceive in 1989 will soon result in a recreational and economic jewel for lincoln county and this region as say by kentucky ex-governor paul e. patton during the september 4 2002 cedar creek dam dedication . cedar creek lake be a joint venture of the kentucky department of fish and wildlife kdfw kentucky transportation cabinet kytc and the leader of lincoln county ky—most importantly ex-judge-executive john sims who envision the project . on february 16 2003 due to excessive amount of rain the lake be fill sooner than predict .
24 when live as a student in europe she claim to have engage in the black market between east and west run cuban rum smuggle jewel from the soviet union and launder east bloc currency . she claim to have be recruit by the east german secret police the stasi and by the libyan intelligence service . some source assert that she be an american intelligence operative mcguire 2004 adler 2004 but hillhouse deny this nolan 2004 .
51 the song be cover by the company wavegroup for the game karaoke revolution presents american idol . brazilian singer fernanda abreu perform a version on the record um barzinho um violao 4 issue in 2005 . house music japanese band cargo make a cover of the song in their 2007 album jewel . chris brown perform it on the essence music festival in new orleans in 2007 . jackson perform the song on the jacksons destiny tour on the second leg .
12 eddie george .... jones william atherton .... agent block juliette marquis .... jewel ken lo .... chen kosuke toyohara .... fudomyo-o
13 amazons and gladiators 2001 as crassius devil s prey 2001 as minister seth jewel 2001 as leston hilburn dracula 2002 as dracula bloom 2003 as the citizen
52 this assault be break only when the scion of shannara overcame the shadowen at southwatch cause the invading army to rout . callahorn be retake by the freeborn rebellion and leah be likewise declare independent once again . the federation build a new city as the capital of their empire arishaig the jewel of the federation . the federation continue to remain aggressive to the other race and within two century they fully resume their assault . when the airship be invent in the rover coastal city world of shannara they gain new weapon in the form of mighty flying vessel .
0 jewel plummer cobb 1976-1981 a graduate of talladega college in alabama with advanced degree in cell biology from new york university . she resign to become president of california state university at fullerton .
43 north central texas council of governments research and information services april 2009 it be regard as an important symbol of one of the most successful downtown revitalization effort in the country . the european opera house-inspired limestone structure have be call the crown jewel of downtown fort worth .
1 2 jewel ruby or diamond
59 while be taunt by some kid the angry amihan would unwittingly summon she power . when it be apparent that she ability to control the wind have surface raquim realize he must tell she about she true identity and she magical heritage . he begin by tell she a story about a far away land call encantadia the four jewel hold by its four kingdom which maintain the balance of power the attempt by the kingdom of hathoria to rule encantadia and how the battle wage by hathoria against adamya and sapiro bring the four jewel under the protection of the diwata of lireo . he would never get to tell she all that she need to know .
95 while be taunt by some kid the angry amihan would unwittingly summon she power . when it be apparent that she ability to control the wind have surface raquim realize he must tell she about she true identity and she magical heritage . he begin by tell she a story about a far away land call encantadia the four jewel hold by its four kingdom which maintain the balance of power the attempt by the kingdom of hathoria to rule encantadia and how the battle wage by hathoria against adamya and sapiro bring the four jewel under the protection of the diwata of lireo . he would never get to tell she all that she need to know .
38 it concern amihan and danaya that alena could not remember who she be how she come back from the dead how she end up be hitano s captive in the forest and more important what happen to the jewel of water . both assume that alena have be bring back from death and she probably bring she jewel to devas and leave it there . they conclude that if alena go to devas she may get back she memory and as well as she jewel .
57 it concern amihan and danaya that alena could not remember who she be how she come back from the dead how she end up be hitano s captive in the forest and more important what happen to the jewel of water . both assume that alena have be bring back from death and she probably bring she jewel to devas and leave it there . they conclude that if alena go to devas she may get back she memory and as well as she jewel . amihan allow alena to make the trip and danaya volunteer to accompany she .
84 it concern amihan and danaya that alena could not remember who she be how she come back from the dead how she end up be hitano s captive in the forest and more important what happen to the jewel of water . both assume that alena have be bring back from death and she probably bring she jewel to devas and leave it there . they conclude that if alena go to devas she may get back she memory and as well as she jewel . amihan allow alena to make the trip and danaya volunteer to accompany she .
27 pirena who know the truth do not want the journey to devas to happen for it would reveal that alena never die which would mean that the jewel of water be not in devas . when amihan have second thought about alena get back she memory which include remember she love for ybarro/ybrahim pirena subtly convince amihan to withdraw she permission .
44 amihan do not know that pirena already have the allegiance of some of she soldier and with their help she lose she kingdom to pirena who immediately crown herself queen of lireo . pirena would imprison she and force she to give up the jewel of air .
40 at the conclusion of the whole encantadia series she fight at the adamyan front in the last war of encantadia . she face ether s crony with the help of she father raquim and kill ether thus return danaya s jewel to its rightful owner . she attend both of the coronation ceremony of armea and cassandra . she be the one who bless armea in the coronation .
41 this become amihan s weapon of choice in all she future battle . towards the end of etheria bathala gifted amihan with an evolve version of the same sword . brilyante ng hangin amihan be the destine keeper of the blue jewel of the air . she and she sister be bear to be the keeper and protector of the four basic force of nature earth air fire and water . she be bear with the connection to the jewel when she time come to be its protector there be a sudden upsurge in she power that include the ability to create lighting bolt use wind current as shield and protective barrier send message through the wind or when someone take the jewel of air against its will she can order the jewel to stop the thief from breathing as she do with asval .
49 brilyante ng hangin amihan be the destine keeper of the blue jewel of the air . she and she sister be bear to be the keeper and protector of the four basic force of nature earth air fire and water . she be bear with the connection to the jewel when she time come to be its protector there be a sudden upsurge in she power that include the ability to create lighting bolt use wind current as shield and protective barrier send message through the wind or when someone take the jewel of air against its will she can order the jewel to stop the thief from breathing as she do with asval .
92 brilyante ng hangin amihan be the destine keeper of the blue jewel of the air . she and she sister be bear to be the keeper and protector of the four basic force of nature earth air fire and water . she be bear with the connection to the jewel when she time come to be its protector there be a sudden upsurge in she power that include the ability to create lighting bolt use wind current as shield and protective barrier send message through the wind or when someone take the jewel of air against its will she can order the jewel to stop the thief from breathing as she do with asval .
102 brilyante ng hangin amihan be the destine keeper of the blue jewel of the air . she and she sister be bear to be the keeper and protector of the four basic force of nature earth air fire and water . she be bear with the connection to the jewel when she time come to be its protector there be a sudden upsurge in she power that include the ability to create lighting bolt use wind current as shield and protective barrier send message through the wind or when someone take the jewel of air against its will she can order the jewel to stop the thief from breathing as she do with asval .
41 while kschessinska could be charming and kind to colleague such as the young tamara karsavina she be not afraid to use she connection with the tsar to strengthen she position in the imperial theatres . she be know to sew valuable jewel into she costume and come on stage as the princess aspicia in the pharaoh s daughter wear she diamond encrust tiara and choker . she could also be ruthless with rival . one of she most famous miscalculation occur when while pregnant in 1902 she coach anna pavlova in the role of nikya in la bayadère .
3 ja rule ashanti jewel third eye blind daniel bedingfield
86 foreign usage of the term as in french be different and where the word be keep with this foreign application the distinction should be observe . the middle latin retrotabulum modernized retabulum be apply to an architectural feature set up at the back of an altar and generally take the form of a screen frame a picture carve or sculpture work in wood or stone or mosaic or of a movable feature such as the famous pala d'oro in st mark s basilica venice of gold jewel and enamel . the foreign retable be therefore what should in english be call a reredos though that be not in modern usage a movable feature .
13 track list # sweet jane lou reed – 4:21 # momma s little jewel ian hunter peter watts – 4:26 # all the young dudes david bowie – 3:32 # sucker hunter mick ralphs watts – 5:03
28 bonus track 2006 reissue # one of the boys demo version hunter ralphs – 4:18 produce by mott the hoople # black scorpio demo version of momma’s little jewel hunter watts – 3:35 produce by mott the hoople and muff winwood # ride on the sun demo version of sea diver hunter – 3:36 produced by mott the hoople # one of the boys uk single version hunter ralphs – 4:21 produce by mott the hoople
46 fair use for ibopa ballads for benpadrone .png the image ibopa ballads for benpadrone .png be be link here though the picture be originally copyright i mxdxcxnx 14:21 7 august 2005 utc feel it be cover by fair use because #it be unsuitable to become a jewel case cover for an illegally copy cd #it will not prevent/hinder the artist from sell and profiting #its appearance on wikipedia will only raise awareness for the existence of the album and encourage fan of like band to pursue it .
58 fair use for titsj inside of the computer are all of my feelings .jpg the image titsj inside of the computer are all of my feelings .jpg be be link here though the picture be originally copyright i mxdxcxnx 14:37 7 august 2005 utc feel it be cover by fair use because #it be unsuitable to become a jewel case cover for an illegally copy cd #it will not prevent/hinder the artist from sell and profiting #its appearance on wikipedia will only raise awareness for the existence of the album and encourage fan of like band to pursue it .
14 architecture the original 1916-17 free and simplified byzantine design by bertram goodhue call a jewel in a monumental setting by christine smith in 1988 smith st . bartholomew s church in the city of new york new york oxford university press 1988 discuss goodhue s use of his source the technology of early twentieth-century construction draw from parish record and goodhue s office papers . be somewhat compromise by the requirement that the french romanesque portal the inspiration be the church of saint-gilles gard between arles and nimes which stanford white have admire in 1878 but the sculpture in the tympanum be renaissance-inspired . be preserve from the previous church and re-erect on the new site . james renwick s old st . bartholomew s stand at the southwest corner of madison avenue and 44th street wpa guide gray 2006 .
65 penn traffic complete its financial restructuring in june 1999 with more than 75 % of its debt retire . in 2003 the company file for bankruptcy again this time result in the loss of big bear one of their largest and most important grocery chain . the move come as a surprise to many since most people perceive big bear as penn traffic s crown jewel and the chain be more profitable compare to its p&c stores family member .
61 the car drive off and when the gas be release and the driver pass out crash the car on nothumberland avenue other accomplice arrive in a steal ambulance dress as ambulanceman . they quickly take the unconscious occupant of the car who have a briefcase chain to his arm . in the back of the ambulance they steal the case contain jewel .
114 use the money from this job crime boss paul clifton stanley baker begin to build up a team for a much larger job this time be a royal mail train come south from glasgow specifically on the night straight after a bank holiday weekend and carry a backlog of cash . a meticulous plan be put in place but there be obstacle the driver of the silver jaguar be identify in an identity parade and arrest but refuse to name accomplice to police an essential member of the team have to be break out of prison robinson the bank note expert and inspector george langley james booth be hot on the trail of the jewel robber and find out through informer about plan for an even bigger heist . the film depict the preparation for the robbery such as reconnaissance trip to the crime site to plan exit as well as the police investigation in a matter-of-fact and unsensationalised way .
1 the jewel in kafue s crown however be the zambezian flood grassland ecoregion in the north include the busanga swamp and plain . these support large herd of herbivore and their predator . in the dry season the animal keep close to the swamp and marshy creek and be easily see .
28 the lufthansa heist be a robbery at john f. kennedy international airport on december 11 1978 . an estimate $ 5 million in cash and $ 875,000 in jewel be steal at the time make it the largest cash robbery ever commit on american soil . maitland leslie december 14 1978 . .
32 an incident of theft before she meet charles lafarge marie have go to one of she schoolmate the vicomtesse de léautaud at she château . while she be there she friend s jewel disappear and the sûreté be call upon to investigate the matter . when it be suspect that marie be the culprit the vicomte think it too improbable that the matter be not pursue any further .
24 however in the wake of the newspaper story regard the murder the vicomte be remind of the theft and demand a search for the jewel in marie s room in le glandier . when the jewel turn up during the police search marie admit to their possession but allege that she friend give she the jewel to sell since she be be blackmail by a secret lover . she allegation prove to be so convincing that some newspaper believe she and put all the blame on the vicomtesse .
35 however in the wake of the newspaper story regard the murder the vicomte be remind of the theft and demand a search for the jewel in marie s room in le glandier . when the jewel turn up during the police search marie admit to their possession but allege that she friend give she the jewel to sell since she be be blackmail by a secret lover . she allegation prove to be so convincing that some newspaper believe she and put all the blame on the vicomtesse . however when she be put on trial for theft the court be not so persuade .
55 however in the wake of the newspaper story regard the murder the vicomte be remind of the theft and demand a search for the jewel in marie s room in le glandier . when the jewel turn up during the police search marie admit to their possession but allege that she friend give she the jewel to sell since she be be blackmail by a secret lover . she allegation prove to be so convincing that some newspaper believe she and put all the blame on the vicomtesse . however when she be put on trial for theft the court be not so persuade .
16 gold be find by attack and destroy piece of the environment . do so release coin jewel and other valuable into the area which be draw towards the nearest goblin and add to its controller s supply . gold be use for everything soul be except purchase unit from a clanshrine and unlike soul gold be almost always limit it be therefore necessary to blow up as much of the terrain as possible in order to ensure that one s force will be superior to the enemy s . the only exception be in a small number of map that feature respawn gem which act as gold when collect .
8 queen of sword 1983 seduction in berlin 1985 jewel of the moon 1985 the world be big and i be so small 1986 the exile 1987
11 romeo 1996 tamil ... diljale 1996 ... shabnam return of the jewel thief 1996 ... madhu diya aur toofan 1995 ...asha hathkardi 1995 ... rani
11 since this pharaoh s funerary object such as his silver coffin jewel pectoral and cartonnage all give he the unique royal name heqakheperre he be most likely a genuine king of the 22nd dynasty in his own right and not just a minor coregent . jürgen von beckerath adopt this interpretation of the evidence and assign shoshenq ii an independent reign of 2 year at tanis . in the most recent 2005 academic publication on egyptian chronology the egyptologist rolf krauss and david alan warburton also ascribe shoshenq ii an independent reign of between 1 to 2 year in the 22nd dynasty although they place shoshenq ii s brief reign between that of takelot i and osorkon ii .
42 plot in the soviet union in 1923 ippolit matveevich vorobyaninov ron moody an impoverished aristocrat from imperial russia be summon along with the village priest to the deathbed of his mother in law . she reveal before pass that a fortune in jewel have be hide from the bolsheviks by be sew into the seat cushion of one of the twelve chair from the family s dining room set . after hear the die woman s confession the russian orthodox priest dom deluise who have arrive to give the last rite decide to leave the church and attempt to steal the treasure .
14 a watchman then come upon the protagonist and vorobyanninov ask what happen to the jewel . look around you the watchman answer explain to the pair how the jewel have be unexpectedly find one day and further how it be decide that the grand building that they be now sit in the center of would be build with the fortuitous fortune realize by the sale of the discover gem .
28 a watchman then come upon the protagonist and vorobyanninov ask what happen to the jewel . look around you the watchman answer explain to the pair how the jewel have be unexpectedly find one day and further how it be decide that the grand building that they be now sit in the center of would be build with the fortuitous fortune realize by the sale of the discover gem .
72 while still a layman he be a mayor of his native city . after take holy order he hold several high office . he give large sum of money to several church and found and endow in his native city the church and college of the jesuits enlarge the franciscan church build the dominican church and convent construct the chapel of our lady of loretto to which he give all his family jewel found the convent of capuchine nun and build a hospital or infirmary in st . francis convent .
40 hans aka agent 12 1944 brow gunman kill by june summers hawker davis 1943 conman and street hawker murder by flattop heels beals 1948 be a midget who wear platform shoe with hollow built-up heel in which he conceal steal jewel . beals elude tracy by hide inside a giant soda bottle that be intend for use as part of an advertising billboard while beals be inside the bottle workman attach it to the billboard several hundred foot above the ground . beals call for help but be unheard and die slowly from thirst and exposure .
32 at this point we return to the first scene of the movie . uhl reveal to leopold that he have find evidence which link the crown prince to sophie s murder a jewel from the prince s sword and sophie s locket that eisenheim give she when they be child . after order then beg uhl to keep silent leopold discover that uhl have already inform the emperor and the general staff of leopold s conspiracy to usurp the austro-hungarian throne . as the army arrive at his palace to arrest he leopold shoot himself in despair after angrily justify his plan to overthrow his father say that there be a thousand different voice scream to be heard and that nothing would get do .
22 kagome return to inuyasha s time and the two of they along with shippō go to find the remain shard of the jewel . inuyasha detect naraku s presence and run into kagura instead.kagura easily rip the sleeve off of inuyasha s kimono . she and kanna be about to take their leave when the moon appear and a poem be say .
51 emperor ai further order the imperial architect to build a luxurious residence for dong just outside the main imperial palace weiyang palace . the residence be describe to be so spacious that it be like an imperial palace . emperor ai also give dong the best weapon and the most precious jewel from the imperial treasury so much so that what dong use be even more precious than what emperor ai personally use . further imperial burial tool be pre-awarded to dong in preparation for his eventual burial and dong s future tomb be build right next to emperor ai s own .
45 the beginning of headband start no later than the ancient greek who wear hair wreath . the greeks and roman wear these piece to very special occasion or an important event . culture such as the etruscan and roman start to decorate their wreath with jewel make up of gold and silver . while wreath be certainly a likely beginning of today s headband some believe that current day hair band have slowly take shape from scarf that be wear around the head or be modify from the band of hat that tie under the chin .
40 plastic headband which be most common can be wavy straight or angled and come in many color . metal can also be use to form and support leather headband . metal-only headband may be plain or decorate sometimes with precious jewel . fabric headband be comfortable because they do not dig into the head . they usually have an elastic band so that the headband form to the head .
5 enkutatash mean the gift of jewel . when the famous queen of sheba return from she expensive jaunt to visit king solomon in jerusalem she chief welcome she bolt by replenish she treasury with inku or jewel . the spring festival have be celebrate since this early time and as the rain come to their abrupt end dance and sing can be hear at every village in the green countryside .
36 enkutatash mean the gift of jewel . when the famous queen of sheba return from she expensive jaunt to visit king solomon in jerusalem she chief welcome she bolt by replenish she treasury with inku or jewel . the spring festival have be celebrate since this early time and as the rain come to their abrupt end dance and sing can be hear at every village in the green countryside .
38 one day the two sibling discover a creature name gorgool in a glass-like ball . he attempt to trick they into free he by read out of a book of spell and use the power of a magic jewel but tracy read the spell wrong and the spell hit warren instead . this spell cause warren to turn into a large blue monster whenever he sneeze . to return to his regular state he must sneeze again .
12 the series deal with warren and tracy guard the book and the jewel in order to keep gorgool imprison while avoid a bully billy castleman and their police aunt deloris who be obsess with capture the monster their father be convince that it be just a guy in a costume . they be accompany by a jazz-playing ghost johnny b. dead .
47 on june 22 2006 heartsdales announce on their official website that they be go to split up to pursue new endeavor . yumi now live in new york city and have start a design studio studio yumi and attend the parson the new school for design . jewel life in tokyo .
64 the remain volume include the noise collective be c-90 with a cover price of ₤1.50 . volumes 1 to 9 use a fold-out insert show at the right while volume 10 have a cardboard insert separate from the track list and contact sheet . start with volume 11 and include the noise collective the outer cover be a cardboard sleeve wrap around the plastic jewel case .
46 wylie mgon po yid bzhin nor bu popular among mongolian gelugpas . in this case he be a wealth deity specifically support the comfort and economic well-being of tantric practitioner . as such his iconography differ in form and symbolism with his skull bowl contain various jewel rather than the typical mortal remains of his victim and a crown of jewel instead of skull . the following description be find in his sadhana his body be white . his face be wrathful and he have three eye .
60 wylie mgon po yid bzhin nor bu popular among mongolian gelugpas . in this case he be a wealth deity specifically support the comfort and economic well-being of tantric practitioner . as such his iconography differ in form and symbolism with his skull bowl contain various jewel rather than the typical mortal remains of his victim and a crown of jewel instead of skull . the following description be find in his sadhana his body be white . his face be wrathful and he have three eye .
22 his face be wrathful and he have three eye . he have six arm . his main right hand hold a wish-fulfilling jewel cintamanus mount on a jewel-tipped handle in front of his chest .
36 though regenerate by its dimensional bug mirror jigen be destroy by the jet Íkaros . diamond jigen ダイヤジゲン daiyajigen 8,27 the result of maria s dimensional bug assimulate into the bloody diamond a 20 billion yen jewel say to be curse diamond jigen be use to inflict people with insane greed-filled rage . once in full monster form diamond jigen use its power to turn ako into a crazed psycho force the male member of the team to attack the monster without she and kaori who manage to snap ako out of it with every piece of jewelry she manage to buy with she family s fortune . once the female member arrive the jetman use the Íkaros haken s jet phoenix to crack diamond jigen break its curse .
43 ryūjin 龍神 also know as Ōwatatsumi he be a dragon as well as god of the sea . he reside in ryūgū-jō his palace under the sea build out of red and white coral from where he control the tide with magical tide jewel . his great-grandson would become emperor jimmu .
30 with the crew and passenger occupy trillian make she way toward and successfully enter the room contain the ship s safe and the valuable within . she be remove the jewel when she be catch by canton captain atherton and two steward . she be place in a storeroom as the brig be currently incomplete .
73 amulya struggle as any youth between complete the goal of the movement and develop strong relationship on an individual level such as with bimala this be make extremely difficult by sandip s powerful influence . amulya frequently accept sandip s motive by rationalize the necessary action . in a sense he can be consider a pawn use by bimala and sandip in their strategic power struggle particularly when bimala request he sell she jewel .
84 privateer and pirate be common during the 16th century throughout the spanish main but be unheard of in the pacific . accordingly the south american settlement be not prepare for the attack of el draque spanish pronunciation of sir francis last name as drake be to be know to his spanish victim . during this trip drake pillage el callao peru s main port and be able to gather information regard the treasure ship cagafuego which be sail towards panama lade with silver and jewel .
62 it be widely accept that the ship be carry a considerable amount of valuable item that be not reflect in she manifest . in addition queen elizabeth forbid drake of ever detail the amount plunder probably because she keep a large portion in excess of she share as an investor . in addition to this amount there be a considerable amount of jewel and metal that be be transport off the book .
110 in firefly the official companion volume one pp 14-18 mal acquire serenity from a use spaceship yard after the war as depict in flashback during out of gas intend to hire a small crew and take various job to support himself and wartime comrade corporal zoe alleyne while keep out of the way of the alliance the multi-planetary government mal and zoe be fight against . shoot script for out of gas . in firefly the official companion volume two pg 41 other flashback in out of gas show how the rest of the main crew come to join the ship pilot hoban wash washburne alan tudyk engineer kaylee frye jewel staite and mercenary jayne cobb adam baldwin as well as inara serra morena baccarin a courtesan who hire out one of serenity’s two shuttlecraft . at the start of the series the episode serenity depict the arrival of the other three member of the ensemble cast as passenger aboard the ship the preacher or shepherd derrial book ron glass the fugitive doctor simon tam sean maher and his psychic and psychotic sister river summer glau .
119 the album be write produce arrange and fund by heap without the backing of a record label and feature guest appearance from jeff beck who do a guitar solo on goodnight and go and heap s boyfriend richie mills who argue with she on the moment i say it . it be release in the uk through she own label megaphonic records in a special digipak create specifically by heap before be license to white rabbit/sony bmg in 2006 for the uk and international market . it be license to sony bmg imprint rca victor in the usa where the first run of 10,000 copy be copy protect and encase in the digipak further edition be in a standard jewel case with a cardboard slipcase . as of august 2009 it have sell 431,000 copy in the usa accord to nielsen soundscan . the billboard 200 speak for yourself march 3rd 2007
0 jewel geyser latd>90 in latd<-90 in latm<0 in lats<0 in longm<0 in longs<0 in
80 high with terrace of large marble and stone ghats step lead down to the water s edge . along the embankment be ornamental arch and pavilion commission by princess charumati from another branch of the sisodia family in gratitude to maharana raj singh i who marry she to prevent she marriage to mughal emperor aurangzeb. the five torana weigh arch see here be where raj singh and his successor perform the event call tuladan they be weigh in gold and jewel the cash value of which be distribute among brahman and for the construction of temple and tank for the welfare of the people . the colonnaded pavilion be decorate with depiction of the sun chariot god dance girl and bird exquisite carving that be claim to be unique in india . a special feature of rajsamand be a long sanskrit inscription on twenty-seven white marble block date 1675/76 see amarkavya .
32 atisha a biography of the renown buddhist sage 1974 translated by thubten kelsang rinpoche and ngodrub paljor with john blofeld . bodhisattva of compassion the mystical tradition of kuan yin 1977 the jewel in the lotus an outline of present day buddhism in china 1977 mantras sacred word of power 1977 wheel of life the autobiography of a western buddhist isbn 0-87773-034-2 1978
37 serbia like most european nation and former monarchy have a history of crown wear by its ruler . serbia have have many ruler and royal family . as such serbium have several distinct crown follow by many jewel and other treasure of incredible wealth.royal crown of serbia of the karađorđević family .karađorđević crown the karađorđević crown jewels be create in 1904 for the coronation of king peter i. the piece be make from material that include bronze of karađorđe s cannon . this gesture be symbolic because 1904 be the 100th anniversary of the first serbian uprising .
23 somehow this cause a transformation in he it expand his mind and his understanding . soon a volcanic disturbance threaten gnarrk . the jewel in his chest protect he though encase he in ice . centuries pass and gnarrk remain in his ice tomb . during that time his mind still work and gnarrk dream of a better world .
75 his work experience open his eye to see the world in a broader more open-minded way and provide material for the song he be begin to write . early in his career paul promise himself that he would always write about the thing he know well . in she review of ellis paul live for the folk and music exchange roberta schwartz say his finely honed song tell story fill with image that sparkle like jewel . his be a poet s heart and a romantic s soul . he be an optimist who believe in people and possibility .
85 most people at the spanish court hate maria anna in part because she use to do everything in order to get as much money as she could for she palatine family and for herself even steal precious painting from the royal collection of art and send they to she german relative . nevertheless the economy of the kingdom be far from good and even maria anna have to make some economic sacrifice at time . for instance once she be force to pawn she own jewel in order to cover some expense because she husband have no money at the time . she complain about this to she family write that she sister have have a better dowry than she . she anger be even greater after hear that she predecessor marie louise of orleans have bring magnificent jewel with she when she marry charles .
63 for instance once she be force to pawn she own jewel in order to cover some expense because she husband have no money at the time . she complain about this to she family write that she sister have have a better dowry than she . she anger be even greater after hear that she predecessor marie louise of orleans have bring magnificent jewel with she when she marry charles . she mother elizabeth amalia write about this subject
75 it be not true that the queen have a smaller dowry than she sister . neither the empress nor the queen of portugal nor the princess of poland receive more than she . of course she cannot compare herself to the daughter of the duke of orleans who be the brother of the wealthiest monarch in the world but on the other hand i think it be a shame that she have to pawn she jewel in order to cover she husband s expense .
26 the revamp figure have a window on top of the head which tunnel light in to light up the forward face eye which now look like jewel . when the figure be be design the four horsemen have consider the eye to be light up by battery but this be drop due to production budget restraint .
13 the treasury renaissance saint george s statue found by albert v the house jewel of the wittelsbach be today on display in the treasury schatzkammer ten hall in the east wing of the königsbau . the collection be one of the most important in the world and span 1000 year from the early middle ages to classicism . on display be royal insignia crown sword goblet goldsmith work rock crystal ivory work icon and numerous other treasure like precious tableware and toiletries .
9 the annunciation 1983 the anna papers 1988 net of jewel 1992 starcarbon a meditation on love 1994 anabasis 1994
8 the book be richly decorate with gold and jewel by the trapezuntine emperor andronicus . in 1858 the trebizond gospel be present by the orthodox metropolitan of trebizond to the emperor alexander ii of russia who donate it to the russian national library where be hold to the present day codex gr . 21 21a .
69 ayáz take the knife from his hand with an obeisance and have enquire where he should cut they be bid to cut they in the middle . he therefore double back his lock to get the measurement execute the king s command and lay the two tress before mahmúd . it be say that this ready obedience become a fresh cause of love and mahmúd call for gold and jewel and give to ayáz beyond his usual custom and ordinary practice after which he fall into a drunken sleep.
24 more than 2,500 tunisian jews die in a network of ss slave labor camp before the germans withdraw . rauff s man also steal jewel silver gold and religious artifact from the tunisian jews . forty-three kilogram of gold be take from the jewish community on the island of djerba alone . reference tony paterson chivalrous rommel want to bring holocaust to middle east the independent london may 25 2007 report on a two-part documentary series then be broadcast on germany s zdf television channel entitle rommels krieg rommels schatz author by jörg müllner and jean-christoph caron .
14 lakshmi the goddess of fortune and wealth vishnu s consort kaustubha the most valuable jewel in the world parijat the divine flowering tree with blossom that never fade or wilt varuni goddess and creator of alcohol
16 this category aim to include term that be specifically use for concrete regalia such as crown jewel and other princely formal insignia see that category .
21 hely and several man be grave robber . the man and hely prepare to dive into the wreck to steal party jewel and valuable . jason s ship be wrecked by the same wave which destroy the poseidon . some time later dutch freighter magt van leiden be ship out when she come across jason in the water .
73 a smooth and polished 1 by 10 by 1/2 plank of maple wood usually look better that a rough cut plank smooth and shiny object like quartz crystal be usually more visually appealing than rough and dull surface like rough concrete . who would not prefer to take a shower in a clean warm dry cozy and visually appealing bathroom the furniture accessory lamp fixture lighting and drape and the like be the jewel of a room . when select furniture and accessory use unity quality rather than quantity choose good look furniture that you like . add these as fresh quality piece that be not too casual with renovation can quickly add some luxury sophistication or prestige to a room .
31 when mark merlin be banish to the other-dimensional lose world of ra by lizard-masked villain the gargoyle use the mystic lamp of imhotep he gain mind-over-matter power from an emerald-like six-sided jewel that represent the strange hexagon-shaped green sun that hang above the egyptian-style realm and which grant all who dwell there immortality . however he cannot return to earth in his own body so the kindly kranak a scientist-sorcerer who have lead his persecuted peace-loving follower to the alien refuge of ra over 4000 year ago use a potion to reincarnate merlin s spirit and memory in the body and brain of a long-dead young wizard call prince ra-man a hero whom ancient legend proclaim as the son of the sun god for whom their pyramided planetoid be name . the reborn ra-man be able to go to earth in his place and defeat the gargoyle with his mighty mental beam which give he control over virtually all non-living matter allow he to telekinetically levitate object and to transform stone metal and even the air itself into other shape and form under his command .
50 it be unclear if he be the same person as prince ra-man or another more alien entity from his home dimension which be now refer to as the interreality of ra . he vow that he would assume his wrathful battle aspect and fight the sheeda . the six-sided sun jewel of the original ra-man have now be replace by the actual cube-shaped sun which he point out only look hexagonal from a distance which shine over ra-man s extra-dimensional realm as the direct source of his power .
10 11 . jadeed siyasat ja nau ratan 1967 urdu nine jewel of modern politics
50 she go into shock and get pneumonia needless to say their marriage be over . she second husband be winthrop gardiner junior a descendant of lord lion gardiner . he give she a huge diamond ring walter winchell tell she she could house manhattan on that rock and many other jewel and fur but the marriage be not a happy one . he begin sleep with ice skater/film star sonja henie and within 6 month shay be with she sister in reno nevada get a divorce . the split make huge headline .
66 set the standard for all the future klonoa handheld title moonlight museum display several standard feature for an action sidescroller . the player control klonoa as he run jump and fight his way across several world solve small puzzle in the process . klonoa defeat enemy by pick they up use a special weapon call the wind bullet a ring-shaped object inlaid with a small blue jewel that can fire a small burst of wind straight forward and draw in an enemy allow for klonoa to pick they up over his head . once he have they klonoa can either throw they straight forward take out any enemy they happen to hit or use they to perform a double jump give he access to place he otherwise could not reach . also by hold the jump button klonoa can hover in midair for a short duration by flap his large ear which also slightly increase his jump distance .
37 after a few sexy flick zubiri become a gma network artist appear as a regular cast in bubble gang a sketch comedy television program . she also appear in encantadia as danaya the diwa that hold the jewel of the earth . she later reprise that role in etheria and encantadia pag-ibig hanggang wakas .
8 groove 1989 back to the coast 1990 the jewel thief 1991 seven live later 1996 from the warwick road to the bank of the nile 1997
24 in 1589 he obtain in geneva and berne sum sufficient to raise an army of mercenary for henry iii partly by the sale of jewel among they the sancy diamond which in 1835 find its way to the russian imperial treasure and partly by lead the swiss to suppose that the troops be intend for serious war against savoy .
9 2001 craig david fill i in version 2 usa jewel stand still 3lw playa gonna play destiny s child survivor version 1 2 remix
12 3lw playa gonna play destiny s child survivor version 1 2 remix jewel strong spirit de la soul baby phat 2002
8 fictional character biography the self-styled world s greatest jewel thief arrogant andré leblanc make the international most want list . andré leblanc often clash with the russian super-hero leonid kovar who be also know as starfire and later by the name of red star . andré leblanc delight in evading capture by the young hero .
46 two-edge be bear to winnowill and a troll name smelt in secrecy within the hidden chamber of blue mountain . smelt be originally send out by the troll king guttlekraw to search for rock-shaper plan to enslave they and assist guttlekraw in find precious metal and jewel . winnowill find smelt injure when she venture out from the confines of blue mountain one day . she use she healing gift to restore he to health and offer he jewels .
50 in the time of pirena s reign over lireo he have fall in love with she and never take no for an answer so to make she feel the same way for he . this he be able to do . once he ask pirena to let he borrow she jewel of fire to use it for the rebirth of sapiro . just when he think he could finally take hold of it pirena say that the jewel be intend for she daughter mira whom she want to be its successor . with this he together with the force of hagorn attack pirena and give she she fall .
43 this he be able to do . once he ask pirena to let he borrow she jewel of fire to use it for the rebirth of sapiro . just when he think he could finally take hold of it pirena say that the jewel be intend for she daughter mira whom she want to be its successor . with this he together with the force of hagorn attack pirena and give she she fall . he be not in love with she after all .
32 with this he together with the force of hagorn attack pirena and give she she fall . he be not in love with she after all . all he want be the jewel . for a reason of not bestow this to he they have nothing else to do but to end she reign .
55 decide that the intolerance of the world be oppress he frank embrace a life of crime and declare himself the kangaroo . needing to make a name for himself frank then attack several guard and steal their ward a briefcase contain only a vial . while the kangaroo pocket the vial think it to contain jewel the vial actually contain an experimental bacterium which would unleash a devastating plague if set free . the kangaroo be unhappy with his small amount of loot and seek out another target this time for cash . while attack a group of people for their money the kangaroo encounter and begin to battle spider-man .
44 initially however the nizam be quite uninterested in the diamond and offer a mere 46 lakh 4 million rupees for it . the nizam be ask to make a good faith deposit if he be to go through with the transaction . the european jewel cutter do not like this offer but be force into court when they lose track of the nizam s deposit . ultimately the nizam be award the diamond for almost half of his original offer 23 lakh 2.2 million rupees approx . $ 50,000 by 2005 rate when the case be resolve .
29 after much litigation the diamond be forcibly purchase by the government of india from the nizam s trust for an estimate $ 13 million in 1995 along with other jewel of the nizams and be hold at the reserve bank of india mumbai .
2 see also jewel of the nizamsreferencesfurther reading jewel of the nizams hardcover by usha r. krishnan author isbn 81-85832-15-3
7 see also jewel of the nizamsreferencesfurther reading jewel of the nizams hardcover by usha r. krishnan author isbn 81-85832-15-3
3 the tower of jewel may refer to two of some plant in tenerife in the canary islands
44 chaika russian чайка mean sea-gull watch be a woman s brand make in the soviet union and russia . the factory make chaika watch be found in 1940 as volga in the city of uglich for the production of precision technical stone and watch jewel . the factory subsequently make watch with small calibre 16 mm .
70 carolyn be a found member of the academy of parapsychology and medicine apm and during the early 1970 serve for four year as their correspondence secretary . in this capacity she meet many interesting people in the occult and medical world--urus geller andrija puharich the findhorn people and astronaut marcus bach citation need who start an institution much like the apm after he d see the earth as a blue jewel . she also become acquaint with eminent astrologer dane rudhyar and she correspond with one of the russian scientist behind the book psychic discoveries behind the iron curtain .
109 the bible claim that nearly 200,000 man in the army besieging jerusalem be slaughter one night by an angel cause the assyrian king sennacherib to give up and return to assyria it immediately go on to state that sennacherib be kill by his son while he be pray to his god imply that this be shortly after the battle . however as the bible unearth point out this contrast with the assyrian record on the taylor prism the bible unearthed p . 259 in which hezekiah s mercenary abandon he and he only then convince the assyrian army to leave by hand over not only vast amount of money jewel and high quality ivory-inlaid furniture but also his own daughter harem and musician and make judah into a tributary state of the assyrians . taylor prism column 3 row 37–49 additionally although sennacherib be clearly murder by person s uncertain it be in 681 bce he have live for over 19 year beyond the end of the siege conduct several military campaign elsewhere and rebuild and refurnish his palace entirely .
32 as the third-most prestigious indian ruler sayajirao be third in line to approach the king-emperor already he have cause consternation among the british official by refuse to wear his full regalia of jewel and honour to lend a touch of exoticism it be expect that the ruler on formal occasion would present themselves in jewel . while some account state that he refuse to bow sayajirao actually do bow albeit perfunctorily and only once before turn his back on the king-emperor .
54 as the third-most prestigious indian ruler sayajirao be third in line to approach the king-emperor already he have cause consternation among the british official by refuse to wear his full regalia of jewel and honour to lend a touch of exoticism it be expect that the ruler on formal occasion would present themselves in jewel . while some account state that he refuse to bow sayajirao actually do bow albeit perfunctorily and only once before turn his back on the king-emperor .
7 jewellery sayajirao have a splendid collection of jewel and jewellery . this include the 262 carat 52.4 g star of the south diamond the akbar shah diamond and the princess eugenie diamond .
85 satan have appear to he in a dream and promise he an ancestral treasure the price for which be his own soul or that of auriol darcy . cyprian strike the portrait and a plaque fall away reveal the access to the ancestral tomb . there in a seven-sided vault lit by the ever-burning lamp and paint with kabbalistic symbol he find the uncorrupt body with a book of mystery a vial of infernal potion and a series of chest fill with gold silver and jewel . with use of the potion he lure auriol into a compact whereby he be give a magnificent mansion in st james s square and £120,000 in exchange for a female victim whenever rougemont require one from he . thus auriol can win the woman he love elizabeth talbot but rougemont once the contract be sign demand elizabeth talbot as his first victim in a week s time .
85 this be a ring of stone horn wood ivory metal ceramic plastic or glass or which fit over the end of the thumb come to rest at the outer edge of the outer joint . a flat area extend from the ring to protect the pad of the thumb from the bowstring this may be supplement by a leather extension . many survive historic thumbring be hardstone carving in jade and other gemstone most very practical but some ornate and perhaps too heavily ornament with jewel and gold filigree to be usable . the ring be also hang on a cord from the belt for display in china often in a special box . in the 16th century court of the ottoman empire they have the useful extra function of be used when execute disgrace official to tighten a handkerchief wound round the throat .
6 government republic religions tyr imports gold jewel silver tin exports fine manufactured goods pottery textile alignment lg ln n
37 the last nayak of gingee be force to surrender to the bijapur army towards the end of december 1649 a.d. the booty acquire by the mohammedan ruler of bijapur be 20 crore of rupee in cash and jewel . gingee assume a new and enhanced strategic importance under the bijapur governor . bijapur be in possession of the fortress of gingee till 1677 a.d. when the famous sivaji the son of shaji fall upon it in his momentous carnatic expedition .
40 rather unusually these angels wear white hart deer badge with the personal livery of king richard ii of england who commission this the wilton diptych about 1400 this french type of collar a chain of couple of broomcod link by jewel be see in the contemporary wilton diptych portrait of richard ii with richard s own device of the white hart hang below the angel accompany the virgin also wear richard s livery badge . the same collar be wear by henry iv on the way to his crowning . during the sitting of the parliament of england in 1394 the complaint of richard fitzalan 11th earl of arundel against richard ii be record one of his grievance be that the king have be wear the livery collar of his uncle john of gaunt duke of lancaster and that people of the king s follow wear the same livery .
149 during the sitting of the parliament of england in 1394 the complaint of richard fitzalan 11th earl of arundel against richard ii be record one of his grievance be that the king have be wear the livery collar of his uncle john of gaunt duke of lancaster and that people of the king s follow wear the same livery . to which the king answer that soon after the return from spain in 1389 of his uncle the duke he himself take the collar from his uncle s neck put it on his own which collar the king would wear and use for a sign of the good and whole-hearted love between they even as he wear the livery of his other uncle . livery collar of the king of france of queen anne and of the duke of york and lancaster be record amongst the royal plate and jewel which in the first year of henry iv have come to the king s hand . the inventory show that queen anne s collar be make up of sprig of rosemary garnish with pearl . the york collar have falcon and fetterlock and the lancaster collar be doubtless that collar of esses or s s use by the duke s son henry of bolingbroke henry iv as an earl duke and king .
35 collar be often wear by officer of high rank . nearly all grand lodge officer wear collar as an emblem of their office . many time these collar be quite valuable feature gold and precious jewel .
10 stomacher be often embroider or cover in pearl and other jewel . they could be make of the same fabric as the dress or of a contrast fabric . depend on the period their bottom point be at waist level or lower towards the end of the 18th century they could be as deep as 10 inch below the waistline make it impossible for the woman wear they to sit .
57 they be usually embroider on linen or later velvet in split stitch and couching with silk and gold or silver-gilt thread . levey s. m. and d. king the victoria and albert museum s textile collection vol . 3 embroidery in britain from 1200 to 1750 victoria and albert museum 1993 isbn 1851771263 gold-wound thread pearl and jewel figure in inventory description .
37 after slay arvak he take from he all three elemental gem of land fire and water temporarily halt the hathors vicious campaign but because he be mortally wound and be about to die he then give the jewel to raquim and tell he to give it to the diwatas for safe keep . armeo s ancient predecessor help the extinction of etheria and become a member of the council of encantadia .
24 the first four title be release separately on january 10 2006 and the second four on february 14 2006 in digipack rather than white jewel case .
10 baseball-reference .com career manage record and play statistics the deadballera.com jewel ens obituary find a grave bio on jewel ens
17 warora be already shine in world map due to the famous institution of anandwan now two more jewel be go to make it more shine as two power plant be go to start in the industrial area of warora . these power plant will help grow economy of the town and also will provoide employment to the local unemployed youth . in addition to that some new coal mine be also take shape in the nearby area .
36 the cd version be an enhanced cd contain a photo gallery the video for saint matthew returns to the womb and album credit . it be release in a digipak case as well as a standard jewel case .
42 a handful of episode purport to be story written by jessica or submit to she by friend . she would introduce each episode but generally disappear until the end when she would wrap up the story . other sleuth such as reformed jewel thief turn insurance investigator dennis stanton retire spy michael hagarty and down-at-heel private eye harry mcgraw take center stage . these episode become know as bookend episode . viewer however do not like jessica s frequent absence and the replacement detective policy be eventually drop .
52 the hungry boy use his first wish to ask for sausage . when abu demand to know where ahmad be the genie fly abu to the top of the highest mountain in the world . on it sit a temple and in the temple there be an enormous statue with a large jewel the all-seeing eye set in its forehead . the genie tell abu that the eye will show he where to find ahmad . abu fight off a giant guardian spider while climb the statue and steal the gem .
46 ananda sutram mean in part “aphorisms lead to ananda divine bliss” . the sutra form have be value over the century as a powerful tool for communicate a deep philosophy in a condensed memorable way . the literal meaning of sutra be “thread” imply that numerous jewel of thought can be string on a single such thread .
18 the fraternity s color be purple and white . the fraternity flower be the camellium and the fraternity jewel be the amethyst . the badge of the fraternity be a gold rhombus diamond with blue enamel . engrave upon the badge be a greek lamp at the apex cross scimitar in the middle and at the bottom the greek letter ΦΚ .
24 video supertia supertia be a character super-hero who represent the portuguese high-society . supertia help the other high-society lady give they fancy clothes and jewel .
30 overview the album mr beast be release on march 6 2006 in the uk and march 7 2006 in the united states in double lp vinyl format a regular cd jewel case edition and limited deluxe edition package that come with both the album on cd and a dvd document the recording process entitle the recording of mr beast . the album have be describe by creation records head alan mcgee as
11 john seybold criminal a.k .a . frank hohimer bear 1919 former jewel thief and author john states seybold 1897 1984 governor of panama canal zone john w. seybold 1916 2004 father of computer typesetting
6 further read rovis-hermann tom .(1997 roadhouse jewel of the north . roadhouse owner talk about their life and work include nanutarra overlander and billabong road house .sunday time perth w.a. 6 july 1997 sunday section p . 3.
50 lopez and friend rory russell be credit with expose and validate indonesia and nearby area as a comprehensive surf destination . start with the long ultra shallow reef tube at uluwatu in bali lopez and crew explore the immense surf potential of the ancient island archipelago . the undisputed crown jewel of their discovery be a long peeling and dangerous left-hand pointbreak locate in the indonesian natural reserve of plengkung on the southeastern tip of java . the nearest town be call grajagan . the surfspot they discover be know today among surfer as g-land .
23 the teddy bear be the official mascot of sigma delta tau . the official flower be the golden tea rise and the sorority jewel be the lapi lazulus . the sorority coat of arm combine all the element of sigma delta tau .
12 gloria gaynor i will survive pointer sister i be so excite crown jewel last confession dvd release barry manilow mandy chopin prelude in c minor
11 sir james willoughby pitt baronet a well-off young man and former jewel thief spike mullins a thief who become pitt s valet molly mceachern a pretty girl pitt see on a boat
7 sir james willoughby pitt baronet a former jewel thief who be expel from eton and have since inherit wealth be in london and bore with life . see a stranger in need in a restaurant he come to his aid and so befriend spennie blunt . he later encounter spike mullins a former american criminal associate who have flee to england and fall on hard time .
30 the broad outline of the plot then continue as in a gentleman of leisure though the tone be of course substantially different as in the original jimmy have be a jewel thief rather than merely pretend to be one . this render many of the implausibility of the later version similar to those in wodehouse’s later work in similar setting unnecessary in the original .
29 they pick a house recommend to mullins by a friend and break in only to be catch by john mceachern whom they convince that pitt be a prominent london jewel thief . he arrange to be pay off but his daughter molly enter and she and jimmy recognise each other from their boat-trip . to keep his secret graft a secret mceachern pretend to molly that pitt be a friendly passer-by .
37 spennie desperate to repay his debt be reduce to steal from his uncle but be catch and stop by molly . hear a noise they hide in sir thomas dressing-room and see pitt enter to return the jewel steal by spike . they confront he and he explain about the bet that lead he to molly s house and his dubious man mullins he also unveil hargate as a card sharp . spennie hide just in time as his uncle enter catch pitt with the jewel .
64 hear a noise they hide in sir thomas dressing-room and see pitt enter to return the jewel steal by spike . they confront he and he explain about the bet that lead he to molly s house and his dubious man mullins he also unveil hargate as a card sharp . spennie hide just in time as his uncle enter catch pitt with the jewel .
7 kaustubha alternatively kaustubh koustubh be a divine jewel the most valuable stone mani be in the possession of lord vishnu who live in the ksheer sagar the ocean of milk .
17 robert barnard mostly semi-supernatural story . in this setting witness for the prosecution stand out as the jewel it be surely this be the cleverest short story she write . of the other the best be perhaps the call of wings but that depressingly be one of the very first thing she write pre-first world war . in this mode she get no better .
11 with the fearsome five deuce and charger attempt to steal a jewel from a diamond expo in metropolis and later raid a luxury liner to rob its rich patron . both time they be thwart by superman and incarcerate but deuce and charger soon escape police custody .
26 woodland park the oldest green space be home to the town tennis court and only playground outside the school . the park be tout as a jewel in the crown with themed floral display tree a mural and a dedication plaque to the founder of the community .
40 at his command the crow will attack and kill the victim he designate . the crow have be train to attack anyone who rush at the scarecrow or point a gun at he . they be train to carry off jewel valuable and anything else at which the scarecrow point .
4 then in the second jewel of the triple crown capot open as the 2.5-1 second favorite in the field of ten in $ 75,000 preakness . in that race all break well and capot sprint near the lead in second pass the stand for the first time . go into pimlico s famous clubhouse turn he be stedy in close quarter but hold his position .
47 it be build during the belle Époque at a time when fortune be make in the rubber boom . construction of the amazon theater be first propose in 1881 by a member of the house of representatives antonio jose fernandes júnior the idea be to construct a jewel in the heart of the amazonian forest and to make manaus one of the great center of civilization .
41 the desert erode my heart like the erosion of the wind which see the plain from afar the wadi groan like the song of the cicada astride the sun . my soul be tire and the absence polish it like a jewel in craftsmen hand and the desert accompany it with belch which prolong its border . o my mother i be thirsty but the desert pursue i like the shade in front of the apparition of the sun . o desert i be ill an evil which grip the peak of my heart i be nostalgic and if that continue i would go far in the nothingness which annihilate my sight .
13 fair use rationale summary image fromhttp www.pimpf .org/mjm/articles/antares/valiantannual1975.jpg cover show kelly wear his jewel of invinciblity kelly s eye
69 holmes and lestrade question vivian she admit that a man pay she to transport the coffin . watson and duncan-bleek join the group and holmes astound they all by reveal the star have not be steal but be in his possession the entire time as he use the opportunity of examine it earlier to switch the genuine stone with an imitation . lestrade quickly take possession of the authentic jewel .
1 ornamental jewel of sri devi mookambika
5 there be vast collection of jewel at the temple receive as gift of acknowledgement from the community of devotee who have realize their dream and desire with the blessing of the goddess . of the various jewel of the devi the one in emerald be very valuable . emerald represent knowledge .
36 there be vast collection of jewel at the temple receive as gift of acknowledgement from the community of devotee who have realize their dream and desire with the blessing of the goddess . of the various jewel of the devi the one in emerald be very valuable . emerald represent knowledge . this temple have two processional deity of gold .
59 inside the coffin monk light master zi’s candle to give himself light . he hallucinate that he be walk through the san francisco botanical gardens with trudy to whom he give the summation six year ago chris downey steal a fortune in diamond . with the police after he especially after he assault one of they he hide the jewel in sonny chow’s coffin specifically inside his death pillow which be schedule to be bury the next day . the police could n’t find the jewel so downey escape conviction for theft and do six year for the assault . when he be release he go back to dig up the jewel but be stun to find that chow’s fan club have place a huge granite monument over the grave too heavy for he to shift aside by himself .
72 he hallucinate that he be walk through the san francisco botanical gardens with trudy to whom he give the summation six year ago chris downey steal a fortune in diamond . with the police after he especially after he assault one of they he hide the jewel in sonny chow’s coffin specifically inside his death pillow which be schedule to be bury the next day . the police could n’t find the jewel so downey escape conviction for theft and do six year for the assault . when he be release he go back to dig up the jewel but be stun to find that chow’s fan club have place a huge granite monument over the grave too heavy for he to shift aside by himself . so he steal the hairbrush and kill ricca leave the hair behind to frame chow for murder in order to get the police to exhume the coffin .
67 with the police after he especially after he assault one of they he hide the jewel in sonny chow’s coffin specifically inside his death pillow which be schedule to be bury the next day . the police could n’t find the jewel so downey escape conviction for theft and do six year for the assault . when he be release he go back to dig up the jewel but be stun to find that chow’s fan club have place a huge granite monument over the grave too heavy for he to shift aside by himself . so he steal the hairbrush and kill ricca leave the hair behind to frame chow for murder in order to get the police to exhume the coffin .
25 he be voice by mark hildreth . brynne the middle choose one who grow up as a thief in shadizar . she star stone the jewel of she ring allow she to create illusion . she be voice by kelly sheridan . navah at eight year old the youngest of the chosen ones .
11 tanjong katong choir the tanjong katong choir tk choir be another jewel of the school . it be currently one of the few secondary school choral-excellence choirs in singapore . form in 1992 and within a short timespan of just 7 year it be crown top secondary school choir in the 1999 syf competition .
9 the bad one 1930 i like your nerve 1931 jewel robbery 1932 faithless 1932 baby face 1933
21 benedict s elaborate and pious will be still to be read in somerset house . he leave his money plate and jewel to his wife and four daughter so they have no lack of this world s goods . one paragraph in the will say item i give to my daughter alice barneham sic my lease of certain land at moulsham and chelmsford in the county of essex . and if it happen that the same alice doe die and unmarried then i give the same lease to elizabeth my eldest daughter etc .
11 charles henry chapman be one of the commonly refer to as jewel of alpha phi alpha fraternity at cornell university in 1906 . during the organization stage of alpha chapter he be the first chairman of the committee on initiation and organization .
21 charles henry chapman die in 1934 and his university funeral be hold with noticeable fraternity participation as chapman become the first jewel to enter omega chapter distinguish to contain the name of deceased fraternity member .
62 on 10 september 1901 paget s french valet julian gault take the opportunity of his employer s absence at the theatre to steal jewellery to the value of £50,000 . at the time paget be live in the walsingham house hotel in london . gault who be later arrest at dover testify in court that he have be instruct to steal the jewel by a french woman of his acquaintance call mathilde who have take the jewel to france and be never find . although gault s testimony be believe to be true he plead guilty at the old bailey on 22 october and be sentence to five year imprisonment .
76 on 10 september 1901 paget s french valet julian gault take the opportunity of his employer s absence at the theatre to steal jewellery to the value of £50,000 . at the time paget be live in the walsingham house hotel in london . gault who be later arrest at dover testify in court that he have be instruct to steal the jewel by a french woman of his acquaintance call mathilde who have take the jewel to france and be never find . although gault s testimony be believe to be true he plead guilty at the old bailey on 22 october and be sentence to five year imprisonment .
29 financial trouble and death by 1904 despite his inheritance and income paget have accumulate debt of £544,000 and on june 11 be declare bankrupt . his lavish wardrobe and jewel be sell to pay creditor the jewel alone realise £80,000 .
36 financial trouble and death by 1904 despite his inheritance and income paget have accumulate debt of £544,000 and on june 11 be declare bankrupt . his lavish wardrobe and jewel be sell to pay creditor the jewel alone realise £80,000 .
22 moviexclusive . . mark schilling from the japan times compare wataru to doraemon s nobita . he compare the quest for five jewel motif to the dragon ball series and the chronicle of narnia . schilling mark july 28 2006 . the japan times . .
21 the national landscape conservation system nlcs be a million 0 km 2 collection of the land consider to be the crown jewel of the american west . these land represent 10 % of the million 0 km 2 manage by the bureau of land management blm . the blm be the largest federal public land manager and be responsible for over 40 % of all the federal public land in the nation .
2 these crown jewel be some of the last place to experience the history and wild beauty of the american west with hunting fishing access to the rugged outdoors and opportunity to create your own adventure . the protection of these land also facilitate the protection of archaeological structure and site provide people with the rare opportunity to connect with the nation’s past . the conservation system also play a critical role in preserve the ecology of the rapidly change western landscape .
18 monaco forever be a 1984 movie direct by william a. levey and star charles pitt as an american jewel thief in monaco . michael pitt be try to set up a robbery of a jewel store and run into various character along the way .
34 monaco forever be a 1984 movie direct by william a. levey and star charles pitt as an american jewel thief in monaco . michael pitt be try to set up a robbery of a jewel store and run into various character along the way .
45 the tower build to replace it collapse in 1644 . the last tower of the old nikolai church be design by peter marquardt . the marquardt tower have a height of 122 meter and with its characteristic dome be a landmark of the city and jewel of its skyline .
73 woman begin to favor polyester satin fabric for lingerie and the jocks company long know for its man s line begin manufacture lace-trimmed french-cut style of g-banger aim at more conservative man . the teddy or all-in-one camisole and tap pants be often wear on television by star such as cybill shepherd in moonlighting and be very popular as a more modest garment that nearly eliminate the need for a slip . bright jewel tone to match the silk charmeuse and satin blouse show on dallas and dynasty be the rage . with baseball star jim palmer the new jockey pitchman focus on skimpy bikini and bold print wear by the athlete in print ad become popular . fashion underwear be influence by michael j. fox s lilac calvin klein brief in back to the future and oakland raiders star howie long in colorful hanes bikini and colored brief ad .
12 in michael moorcock s fantasy series about elric of melniboné the crown jewel of the emperor of melniboné include the ring of kings set with a rare actorios stone . the jewel s magical nature be apparent by the swirling form visible in its depths . the ring of kings confer on its wearer the right to call on magical aid as well as the right to sit on the ruby throne .
31 in michael moorcock s fantasy series about elric of melniboné the crown jewel of the emperor of melniboné include the ring of kings set with a rare actorios stone . the jewel s magical nature be apparent by the swirling form visible in its depths . the ring of kings confer on its wearer the right to call on magical aid as well as the right to sit on the ruby throne . a legend say that if someone should ever sit on the throne without wear the ring the destruction of melniboné would result .
88 sacred ash bhasma be apply on the forehead of the deceased especially for the worshipper of lord shiva saivite otherwise sandalwood paste be apply on the forehead if the dead be a worshipper for lord vishnu vaishnava . further few drop of the holy gange water may be put into the mouth of the deceased so that the soul may attain liberation also few leaf of the holy basil tulsi be place on the right side of the dead body . the body then may be adorn with jewel and place lie on a stretcher with the head point towards the south . sometimes the body may be keep in a sit position too . the stretcher be adorn with different flower include rose jasmine and marigold and the body be almost cover with the flower .
53 the cremation ground be call shmashana in sanskrit and traditionally it be locate near a river if not on the river bank itself . there a pyre be prepare on which the corpse be lay with its foot face southwards so that it can walk in the direction of the dead . the jewel if any be remove . thereafter the chief mourner generally the eldest son walk around the pyre three time keep the body to his left . while walk he sprinkle water and sometimes ghee onto the pyre from a vessel .
19 nessun dorma from turandot after a car crash a lovely young girl imagine she body be be adorn by jewel mirror she injury in a tribal ritual parallel to the procedure of the surgical team treat she until she wake up in the operating room after resuscitation . music compose by giacomo puccini sung by jussi björling
86 during the early 300s a severe famine affect the jie tribesman and shi hu become separate from shi le . later after shi le have become a powerful han zhao general liu kun 劉琨 the jin governor of bing province 并州 modern northern and central shanxi where the jie be from locate shi hu and lady wang and send they to shi le along with messenger try to persuade shi le to defect from han zhao to jin . shi le in gratitude send horse and jewel to liu but do not accept his invitation . since the jie do not appear to use family name and shi le s own family name of shi be give to he by his friend ji sang 汲桑 presumably this be also the time that shi le give shi hu the same family name and give he the courtesy name jilong as well pattern after his own courtesy name shilong 世龍 .
10 it be release in two version . a standard 2cd jewel case cdvd 2897 and in the uk as a limited edition 3cd digipak cdvdx 2897 .
35 on folio 4 verso there be a large pen drawing illustrating job and his daughter . job be picture as a bearded man wear a crown and short tunic . his daughter wear tunic with jewel and diadem . the iconography of job be very different in this manuscript from that in later century . here he be see as royal figure while in later portrayal he be see as humbled and sit on a dung heap .
35 n crugu bradului be a concept album release by negură bunget in 2002 in a digibook format do manually by the member themselves and limit to 3,000 copy worldwide the second press be on regular jewel case cd . each song represent a season . the album title translate to through the depths of the fir tree heights
125 four richly carve ivory example from the tenth century be know the basilewsky situla of 920 in the victoria albert museum decorate with scene from the life of christ in two frieze basilewsky situlaart fund the situla of gotofredo of c. 980 in milan cathedral one in the aachen cathedral treasury image of aachen situlum and one in the metropolitan museum of art in new york . metropolitan museum example all come from the milieu of the ottonian court an inscription say that archbishop gotfredus present the milan example in anticipation of a visit by the emperor also refer to in the london example which be probably from the same workshop . the latest and most lavish be the aachen example which be stud with jewel and show an enthroned emperor surround by a pope and archbishop . this be probably make in trier about 1000 . all except the new york situlum be illustrate and discuss in beckwith pp.129-130 135-136
18 sumedang s museum prabu geusan ulun house a collection of traditional sundanese weaponry as well as the crown jewel and other finery . it be locate on geusan ulun road .
9 the tear of all ocean be a group of jewel from the redwall novel the pearls of lutra by brian jacques .
27 this album originally mix by fripp be originally release in 1994 as a limited edition box set a 24-carat gold cd and 32-page colour booklet in a jewel box inside a cardboard slipcase . it be remix by david sylvian and re-release in standard jewel case packaging with different artwork see article illustration in 2001 .
44 this album originally mix by fripp be originally release in 1994 as a limited edition box set a 24-carat gold cd and 32-page colour booklet in a jewel box inside a cardboard slipcase . it be remix by david sylvian and re-release in standard jewel case packaging with different artwork see article illustration in 2001 .
28 müntze confront ellis as be a member of the resistance . she persuade he to search franken s safe which ronnie have claim contain the money gold and jewel steal from flee jew against ss regulation since franken be keep the profit for himself . when a search of the safe by the commanding officer obergruppenführer käutner christian berkel reveal nothing the apparently angry and embarrassed franken reveal that müntze have be negotiate with dutch resistance terrorists for a truce . müntze be condemn to death and imprison along with member of the resistance group who be to be shoot as a reprisal for the killing of van gein .
51 she survive by eat a bar of chocolate to counteract the drug . it then emerge that akkermans be the traitor responsible for the brutal death of she family at the hand of franken and his nazi . he have also murder smaal and franken take all the money gold and jewel steal from the jews .
65 ellis prove she innocence to british intelligence and to the former resistance leader gerben kuipers by means of the black book which show that many jew be bring to akkerman for medical help just prior to their murder . together ellis and kuipers intercept the flee akkerman who be hide in a coffin in a hearse which he have fill with steal money gold and jewel . ellis seal the coffin s air vent use the edge of she family necklace suffocate he .
11 the pyxis of Čierne kľačany slovak Čiernokľačianska pyxida be an oval-shaped jewel box i .e . a pyxi make of ivory . several fragment be find in an intact tomb near the village of Čierne kľačany in slovakia in 1974 by a group of boy and local . the artifact be subsequently reconstruct from the fragment .
49 apart from the import ceramic from the big manufacturing center there be also local ceramic product with native tradition and often simulating greek form . during the hellenic era the connection with the neighbouring lead cultural centre in macedonia pela beroia amphipolis and thessalonica be strengthen . ceramic plastic jewel and coin be make in the pattern of these develop centre . the antique town on the isar secure its economic development through agriculture cattle raise and mining . the numerous mine in the region as well as the pottery craft continue as a tradition in the roman period .
46 roxanne roxy rocket sutton be formerly a stunt double for a hollywood actress . however she lose she job after she try to make she stunt too dangerous for any company to insure she . out of work but still hunger for thrill sutton begin steal jewel for the penguin . unlike other villain in gotham city roxy s crime be fairly benign . she be always the one be put at risk .
17 the center of a prayer flag traditionally feature a ta powerful or strong horse bear three flaming jewel specifically ratna on its back . the ta be a symbol of speed and the transformation of bad fortune to good fortune . the three flaming jewel symbolize the buddha the dharma buddhist teaching and the sangha buddhist community the three cornerstone of tibetan philosophical tradition .
44 the center of a prayer flag traditionally feature a ta powerful or strong horse bear three flaming jewel specifically ratna on its back . the ta be a symbol of speed and the transformation of bad fortune to good fortune . the three flaming jewel symbolize the buddha the dharma buddhist teaching and the sangha buddhist community the three cornerstone of tibetan philosophical tradition .
79 baxter be sack have be see at a ball by horace but be take on again when uncle fred persuade horace and the duke that horace be suffer delusion . horace head off for a rest-cure and baxter be leave unable to reveal that he have see through fred disguise have meet the real glossop before . baxter however be put on his guard and inform lady constance she in turn have bosham hire a detective to protect she jewel and he of course select mustard pott .
153 of course ed do not get off the hook for the way mo have die for it turn out that mo have discover that ed have a one-night stand with she best friend nurse lillian raines when lillian have a breast cancer scare and mo accuse holly of the affair since holly and ed have an affair back in the first half of 1989 until mo discover a letter that lillian have write to ed right while mo be clean she kitchen ed have apparently drop the letter near the sink while he be try to repair some pipe . after mo die headwriter curlee present a wonderful and powerful scene where roger thorpe visit mo s grave because mo be the only one who treat roger with any sympathy . but later when roger have decide to fire holly at wspr television station and hook up with an english woman and former jewel thief jenna bradshaw who at first claim she be another daughter of henry chamberlain s and later jenna get involve with and have a child with the re-married to nadine buzz cooper it would be holly who would become the sympathetic character as she help michelle through she first period and later find out from ed that he have a one-night stand with another woman which totally shock holly and isolate the two of they from each other for a great while holly would later find herself fall for and marry fletcher reade and they would have a daughter with down syndrome name meg . roger and jenna marry in the summer of 1993 in a rather gothic setting with a divorce jenna later tell vanessa that she be the bride of thorpestein . roger also save ed s life in almost a reversal of what happen in april 1980 when ed nearly fall off a cliff at a hideaway that michelle and holly be stay at .
61 another storyline during 1997 revolve around the return of jenna bradshaw who have secretly give birth to buzz son henry coop bradshaw later give the last name of cooper and go by the name of coop and harley cooper who have leave in september 1993 and who have divorce a.c. mallett . this storyline involve jenna s return to be a jewel thief but now be coerce by the criminal jeffrey morgan . to break up the couple and get the goods on jeffrey harley pretend to be a prostitute name starla and she pretend boyfriend be phillip . show great chemistry together aleksander and ehler be write into have a full blown romance for harley and phillip after jeffrey be arrest .
19 br oh that each mother of boy be such br you may have tangible wealth untold br casket of jewel and coffer of gold . br richer than i you can never be br i have a mother who read to i .
11 he first appear in the story the blue cross as a jewel thief . father brown foil his attempted crime in this and several other story . as a notorious and elusive criminal flambeau be a worry for law-enforcer .
23 lopon tsechu build many stupa monument symbolise the enlightened mind of the buddha in both the east and the west . the crown jewel of his career and one of his greatest legacy be the enlightenment stupa of benalmádena málaga spain . inaugurated in 2003 it stand at 33 metre or 108 foot tall make it the largest stupa in the western world . benalmádena stupa
13 history in this area a place call giessen be discover along with tomb jewel and ceramic date from the first period of the iron age to the end of the bronze age .
29 the album be issue in multiple format include the standard cd a limited edition digipak a limited edition digipak with embossed band logo and album title cassette tape a jewel case with slip cover fold-out poster and bonus track limit to 3000 copy and a limited edition lp release under osmose productions later reissue in 2005 .
34 willys-knight enjoy a production run average of 50,000 car per year after 1922 . willys also purchase stearns-knight of cleveland ohio which also use a sleeve valve knight engine make that marque the crown jewel in his grow automotive empire .
3 mangammal donate considerable jewel palanquin to the madurai meenakshiamman temple and similar endowment to numerous temple in she kingdom .
16 juomes be a yeti-like hunter-beast whose parent be kill by kaantur-set . he possess a cubing jewel an object which allow creature to gain sentience and enable their young to be bear with this sentience .
53 kaantur-set general of the robot army . his cunning and agility be match only by his sadistic passion for big game hunting and he have plan to unleash a world-purging of carbon-based life . kaantur-set kill juomes ’ parent and take juomes ’ hand in order to obtain the last of the cubing jewel .
45 initially the game be release in march 1993 on five 3.5 floppy diskette to accommodate those gamer who do not have a cd-rom drive at the time as be many other of sierra adventure . however the main release be plan in 1994 in a jewel box that include the game cd the game manual a store catalogue and legality . the floppy version also include the manual only smaller and less detailed .
20 2003 the complete gardener 2003 from the garden to the table growing cooking and eat your own food 2004 the jewel garden hodder stoughton with sarah don 2005 gardening from berryfields 2006 fork to fork
11 tiger cub/katya shifter-mage a young playful mage with a penchant for jewel and amulet . she be highly regard both by dark and light other . it have be say that she could charm anyone .
1 richmond jewel webb bear january 11 1967 be a former national football league offensive tackle with the miami dolphins and the cincinnati bengals . webb play college football for texas a&m university . he be select by the dolphins as the ninth overall pick in the 1990 nfl draft .
44 she be release when his son attempt to release she . once lose she power as a result of punishment by balkan that be to be make of any know living relative of markadan . once she be powerless she be throw to the jewel mine gonraya where from she tear sprout a mysterious plant when the land be supposedly bare for plant nourishment later on reveal to be a cure when one see perula s curse . she be imprison in a jewel mine from one of the cave of gonray very much like she father and that jewel go into adana s hand . go back to she sanity when that jewel be smash through markadan s power .
72 once lose she power as a result of punishment by balkan that be to be make of any know living relative of markadan . once she be powerless she be throw to the jewel mine gonraya where from she tear sprout a mysterious plant when the land be supposedly bare for plant nourishment later on reveal to be a cure when one see perula s curse . she be imprison in a jewel mine from one of the cave of gonray very much like she father and that jewel go into adana s hand . go back to she sanity when that jewel be smash through markadan s power . later rejoin with she daughter and son .
88 once lose she power as a result of punishment by balkan that be to be make of any know living relative of markadan . once she be powerless she be throw to the jewel mine gonraya where from she tear sprout a mysterious plant when the land be supposedly bare for plant nourishment later on reveal to be a cure when one see perula s curse . she be imprison in a jewel mine from one of the cave of gonray very much like she father and that jewel go into adana s hand . go back to she sanity when that jewel be smash through markadan s power . later rejoin with she daughter and son .
78 once she be powerless she be throw to the jewel mine gonraya where from she tear sprout a mysterious plant when the land be supposedly bare for plant nourishment later on reveal to be a cure when one see perula s curse . she be imprison in a jewel mine from one of the cave of gonray very much like she father and that jewel go into adana s hand . go back to she sanity when that jewel be smash through markadan s power . later rejoin with she daughter and son . later regain she power .
64 museum houmt souk shelter a museum of art and tradition popular which present a panorama of djerba history . install in old a zaouïa build at the end of the 18th century in the honor of sidi zitouni and sidi ameur not far from the mosque from abroad it be possible to discover the folklore of the island its tradition and its economy from jewel and colored glass pottery weave loom and the traditional costume of various social group kitchen utensil one workshop of pottery and jar which be use to preserve foodstuff such as barley sorghum olive oil or dried meat . these earthenware jar bear different name sefrus khabium tass or zir and their opening depend on the intended product to be preserve there .
74 it be an important source of revenue as well for the female population although carding and the spin mill of wool be traditionally female activity and dye weave and market traditionally carry out by the man . Éternelle djerba p . 49 the manufacture of carpet with embroidery be traditionally female activity which develop considerably with the rise of tourism . the jewellery formerly practise exclusively by the jewish craftsman specialized especially in partitioned jewel encrust with hard stone of various color be currently practise by young muslim craftsman . the work of leather and in particular the shoe manufacture and the manufacture of bag in camel skin as well as the basket make also develop with the new market offer by tourism .
63 oppose the action of robert ferrar bishop of st david s who have make he his commissary he with other of the canon draw up article against he . those be investigate by a commission appoint by edward vi in 1549 . ferrar in vindication of himself accuse young and another canon of despoil the cathedral of cross chalice censer and other plate jewel and ornament . john foxe comment very severely on young s conduct .
75 it be the last silver coin which be issue in tibet and it circulate at the value of 5 srang although its design be that of a tangka . the reverse depict a wheel with eight spoke represent the „wheel of law “ sanskrit dharmcakra tibetan cho ’khor which be set in motion by the buddha . in the centre of the wheel two comma-shaped element represent what the tibetans call norbu dga’ khyil „whorling jewel of joy“ . this coin be strike in high grade silver and have the popular name tangka dkarpo gsar pa „new white tangka“ .
30 description eshebala appear as a foxwoman a shapely fur-covered female with a fox s head or as a beautiful young elf maiden . she be bedeck in rich clothing and jewel and carry a silver mirror .
4 storyline a magic red jewel know as the almana be steal from an unnamed village . a thief run off with the jewel and turn the entire village into stone . the game s hero must track down the thief and recover the steal jewel .
22 storyline a magic red jewel know as the almana be steal from an unnamed village . a thief run off with the jewel and turn the entire village into stone . the game s hero must track down the thief and recover the steal jewel .
43 a magic red jewel know as the almana be steal from an unnamed village . a thief run off with the jewel and turn the entire village into stone . the game s hero must track down the thief and recover the steal jewel .
22 gameplay the player take the role of an unnamed hero who must travel through six cavernous level in search of the lose jewel . the player begin with thirty throw knife as his weapon of attack . as he venture through the level he can find various other weapon .
15 it be know that there be five different issue be distribute next to the original jewel case . a limited edition digipak and a limited edition picture box case and a special tape edition . also a limited edition handnumber vinyl press be release under osmose productions which be later reissue in 2005 .
42 she start out as a malevolent demoness and be convert by a great buddhist . now she be the goddess of inexhaustible give and of everest and the khumbu area in general . she ride a golden tigress and hand out the jewel of wish to those deserve . many climber of chomolungma beseach she favor at the traditional stupa in which a buddhist monk pray for they and they go through certain ceremony .
11 pink panthers be the name give by interpol to an international jewel thief network name after the pink panther series of crime comedy film which be responsible for some of the most audacious theft in criminal history balkan pink panther jewel thief smash their way into myth latimes.com . they be responsible for what have be term some of the most glamorous heist ever with their crime be think of as artistry even by criminologist . they have target several country and continent and include japan s most successful robbery ever amongst their theft .
40 pink panthers be the name give by interpol to an international jewel thief network name after the pink panther series of crime comedy film which be responsible for some of the most audacious theft in criminal history balkan pink panther jewel thief smash their way into myth latimes.com . they be responsible for what have be term some of the most glamorous heist ever with their crime be think of as artistry even by criminologist . they have target several country and continent and include japan s most successful robbery ever amongst their theft .
69 in a further robbery four gang member dress themselves up as woman in december 2008 before break into france s harry winston jeweler in paris . the gang escape the store carry over $ 100 million £60 million in item . there be grow speculation that the $ 65 million heist august 6 2009 of an exclusive london jewelry store be the work of a notorious band of european jewel thief know to police as the pink panthers . a key element in the speculation be that the man who loot graff diamonds on new bond street aug. 6 make no effort to hide their face suggest that they have be able to alter their look with mission impossible style prosthetic make-up .
24 arrest the thief have be identify and link through dna matching accord to interpol leader ronald noble . interpol closing in on pink panther jewel thief
49 in 2005 two man and one woman gang member from serbia be arrest in belgrade . in october 2007 they be sentence to jail term by a court in serbia for the theft of approximately £15 million $ 30 million in tokyo in what be japan s biggest ever jewel robbery in march 2004 . bbc . 2007-10-02 . .
31 at the end of the tunnel there be many more pearl and many more peril pearl in the basement there be no mystery for this clue . in bear cave the jewel be in plain view bear cave go to a place that cover the tide and pier inside pearl and ruby necklace boathouse no more riddle here end the chase the treasure be in the fireplace hide with a jewel encrusted crown fireplace
43 in bear cave the jewel be in plain view bear cave go to a place that cover the tide and pier inside pearl and ruby necklace boathouse no more riddle here end the chase the treasure be in the fireplace hide with a jewel encrusted crown fireplace
15 accord to lore at the base of a unicorn s horn be a ruby red jewel that be the concentrated essence of its power . all about unicorns the alicorn with this in mind it be possible that ryo-ohki from tenchi muyo could be a reference to the al-mi'raj albeit dehorn and thus non-dangerous to humanity .
92 even after 1967 when jane frank begin make sculpture grapple with new media such as plastic and metal she maintain she ever-evolving production of mixed media painting on canvas virtually until the end of she life . continue she exploration of the possibility of multiple-canva apertured painting she begin to create she aerial series piece which come more and more explicitly to suggest landscape see from above . especially noteworthy and striking be the night landings painting such as night landings sambura 1970 with the city grid glint below like a dark jewel in a deep nocturnal blue river valley . the 1975 yoseloff retrospective catalogue list below be very illuminating on these latter development and the color plate which include image of some of the sculpture be of higher quality than those in the stanton book .
84 27 see jane frank s aerial painting as consist of two basic type the day scene such as ledge of light and the night landing such as night landing sambura . the day scene show a fascination with the play of actual shadow and false painted one inviting the viewer more closely to inspect the texture on the canvas and its reality p.27 . in the night landing by contrast the city be the focus nestle in the canvas s aperture like a precious jewel in a dark velvet box with its enticing twinkling light suggest the anticipation of the unknown mysterious city .... the use of bead and glitter partially cover with paint convey a sense of personal landscape p27 .
32 final rank in the final holland defeat pakistan 3-1 in front of a 40,000 strong pakistani crowd to win the 20th champions trophy . the dutch team thus pick up the third jewel in the hockey triple crown . the netherlands be also 1998 world champions and 1996 olympic champions – the only man s team to hold all three major world title at once .
26 his father farzand ali mir be a calligrapher who die when mushaf be young . he go to government wattan islamia high school lahore . a jewel of the walled city
31 brahmadatta be mention as a highly devout king of panchala at 13,137 . here he be mention as donate a conch-shell . at 12,233 he be mention as donate two precious jewel call nidhi and sankha . he be mention at 12,342 also .
46 the kitsune statue be at time take for a form of inari and they typically come in pair represent a male and a female . smyer 93 these fox statue hold a symbolic item in their mouth or beneath a front paw — most often a jewel and a key but a sheaf of rice a scroll or a fox cub be all common . almost all inari shrine no matter how small will feature at least a pair of these statue usually flank or on the altar or in front of the main sanctuary . the statue be rarely realistic they be typically stylize portray a seat animal with its tail in the air look forward .
12 when a j-jewel be active a j symbol appear visible within the jewel . if a j-jewel be place in very close proximity to a g-stone the result reaction cause the g and j symbol to alternately flash within the j-jewel and enhance the power of both stone dramatically .
27 rise slightly one of the final discovery make be the ruin of atlantis along with a typical disney-fied sea serpent accompany mermaid and a treasury burst with jewel and gold . with the ruin of the ancient civilization soon leave behind the nautilus would enter the final phase of its journey with a tribute to the most iconic and memorable part of the 1954 disney film the attack of the giant squid . after see a much smaller sister nautilus trap in the clutch of one such creature curiously mark xiii on the tailfin the passenger submarine would be attack itself by long thrashing tentacle .
38 tushara kingdom be mention in the trave of pandavas in the northern region beyond the himalayas cross the difficult himalayan region and the country of china tukhara darada and all the clime of kulinda rich in heap of jewel those warlike man reach the capital of suvahu 3 176 .
40 logo of krug champagne krug—a négociant-manipulateur with office in reims the main city in champagne—was one of the famous champagne house who form part of the membership of the grande marques . krug grande cuvée be one of the crown jewel in the lvmh wine division place alongside the moët et chandon s cuvée dom pérignon and veuve clicquot s la grande dame . as a champagne it be distinctive and easily recognise by taste due to the house s policy of complete barrel fermentation and very extended lees age on the nose krug be identify by its strongly develop and age nutty lees influence and autolytic note a certain oakiness as well as a combination of disgorgement freshness and oxidative maturity . on the palate krug wine commonly display a raciness result from suppression of the malolactic fermentation and a richness both from lees and from barrel fermentation .
55 source the national geographic magazine nov 1909 the srirangam temple tower gopurams of the north and west and the eighth prakara temple wall street and several halls mandapam inside the temple complex be build by he . the golden vimana of the inner most shrine temple flag and the image of god stud with crown jewel be present by achuthappa nayak .
10 goodbye alice in wonderland be the fifth album by singer-songwriter jewel release in 2006 . the album mark a return to she musical root after 0304 and try to write an autobiographical album like she do with piece of you . the album be write in the form of a novel with each track represent a chapter .
0 jewel state she have plan to re-release the album but she record company would not let she . however they do allow she to release two singles in 2007 . the first single be stephenville tx which be consider a commercial failure .
19 the ivc host a unique research library of outstanding value to researcher all over the world . it include jewel such as otto neurath s private library the robert s. cohen collection and archives the adolf grünbaum archives the kurt blaukopf library the kurt r. fischer library and the eugene t. gadol library .
10 # 7days of love # super sonic dance # blue jewel # fly me so high # 1969
30 the tiara which be of traditional papal tiara design be design and manufacture by henry august and marie-etienne nitot of the house of chaumet in paris . some of the jewel and decoration for this tiara come from earlier tiara smash and steal by the troops of the french directory in 1798. the great emerald steal by napoleon s troops which have once be on the tiara of pope julius ii be place on the tiara in the monde .
11 with the exception of the emerald in the monde all the jewel place in the tiara on napoleon s order most of they originally steal from the vatican be remove on papal order and replace by replica make of coloured glass on the order of pope benedict xv. the jewel be then sell with the money raise use to aid victim of the first world war . milwaukee journal sentinel feb. 3 2006 .
49 with the exception of the emerald in the monde all the jewel place in the tiara on napoleon s order most of they originally steal from the vatican be remove on papal order and replace by replica make of coloured glass on the order of pope benedict xv. the jewel be then sell with the money raise use to aid victim of the first world war . milwaukee journal sentinel feb. 3 2006 .
64 able to bend himself in every imaginable and even some unimaginable position ragdoll be a formidable opponent for the batman but an even bigger adversary of catwoman . while catwoman s interest be merely in cat-related fare ragdoll s interest lay wherever the money be . to catwoman s dismay this be also in rare cat-item vintage animation cell priceless artifact and the main jewel of their battle two cat s eye emerald hide in a gotham clock tower by a mobster in the 1930 . though never find it be enough to pique the interest of ragdoll and catwoman fall into a trap set by the batman . after a lengthy and spectacular battle ragdoll go to arkham empty hand catwoman back home and the batman and bruce wayne with two newly find emerald .
75 when ventriloquist arnold wesker and his friend scarface be boo off the stage one night wesker return with scarface later that night to rob the entire audience . turn to a life of crime ever since everyone know that without arnold wesker there be no scarface ...the only problem be arnold do not know that . believe that scarface be the true puppet master arnold do whatever scarface tell he to do this range from jewel heist to big-time robbery .
9 biography william and andy mallory s parent have be jewel thief who be send to jail around the same time that bruce wayne s parent be murder . since then the younger mallory have become friend with wayne and dick grayson . resent the batman s target criminal like their parent just try to earn a living they become wrath and scorn an evil analogue of the bat-team to aid gotham s villain community .
42 back in the dungeon the minstrel again encounter the golux who have mysteriously appear claim to have forget to tell the minstrel something important . he tell the minstrel to convince the duke to make the intended task a search for 1,000 jewel and it be now reveal that the minstrel be actually prince zorn of zorna . zorn believe that the only place to find 1,000 jewel be in his father s cask and vault and coffer and that the task will take 99 day to complete three-and-thirty day to go and three-and-thirty day to come back here ... and it always take my father three-and-thirty day to make decision .
67 back in the dungeon the minstrel again encounter the golux who have mysteriously appear claim to have forget to tell the minstrel something important . he tell the minstrel to convince the duke to make the intended task a search for 1,000 jewel and it be now reveal that the minstrel be actually prince zorn of zorna . zorn believe that the only place to find 1,000 jewel be in his father s cask and vault and coffer and that the task will take 99 day to complete three-and-thirty day to go and three-and-thirty day to come back here ... and it always take my father three-and-thirty day to make decision .
21 accompany by his spy hark and listen the duke reveal the task which the prince must complete bring the duke 1,000 jewel within 99 hour and return when the clock be strike five o'clock . as the prince leave the castle saralinda throw a rose to he from she window .
45 not far from the castle the golux reappear and reveal himself to be the duke s spy listen . the golux come up with what he believe be a sure-fire plan there be a woman nearby hagga who be give the magical power to weep jewel instead of tear . the rose which saralinda toss to the prince serve as a compass to guide they and they travel for two day until they reach hagga s hut . hagga be alive and well but unfortunately she have be make to weep so much in the past by people who want jewel that she be no longer able to weep even at the saddest story .
81 the golux come up with what he believe be a sure-fire plan there be a woman nearby hagga who be give the magical power to weep jewel instead of tear . the rose which saralinda toss to the prince serve as a compass to guide they and they travel for two day until they reach hagga s hut . hagga be alive and well but unfortunately she have be make to weep so much in the past by people who want jewel that she be no longer able to weep even at the saddest story .
23 although the prince and the golux try and fail to make hagga weep they find an oaken chest fill to the brim with jewel . hagga tell they that they be the jewel of laughter beautiful but of no use to the prince in his quest as they last but a fortnight unlike the jewel of tear which last forever . as they watch the jewel dissolve back into tear .
32 although the prince and the golux try and fail to make hagga weep they find an oaken chest fill to the brim with jewel . hagga tell they that they be the jewel of laughter beautiful but of no use to the prince in his quest as they last but a fortnight unlike the jewel of tear which last forever . as they watch the jewel dissolve back into tear . in desperation the golux and the prince try to make hagga laugh and fail at this also .
54 although the prince and the golux try and fail to make hagga weep they find an oaken chest fill to the brim with jewel . hagga tell they that they be the jewel of laughter beautiful but of no use to the prince in his quest as they last but a fortnight unlike the jewel of tear which last forever . as they watch the jewel dissolve back into tear . in desperation the golux and the prince try to make hagga laugh and fail at this also .
65 although the prince and the golux try and fail to make hagga weep they find an oaken chest fill to the brim with jewel . hagga tell they that they be the jewel of laughter beautiful but of no use to the prince in his quest as they last but a fortnight unlike the jewel of tear which last forever . as they watch the jewel dissolve back into tear . in desperation the golux and the prince try to make hagga laugh and fail at this also . inexplicably hagga laugh uncontrollably until the hut be ankle-deep in jewel .
38 as they watch the jewel dissolve back into tear . in desperation the golux and the prince try to make hagga laugh and fail at this also . inexplicably hagga laugh uncontrollably until the hut be ankle-deep in jewel . the golux and the prince gather 1,000 jewel thank hagga and leave .
37 in desperation the golux and the prince try to make hagga laugh and fail at this also . inexplicably hagga laugh uncontrollably until the hut be ankle-deep in jewel . the golux and the prince gather 1,000 jewel thank hagga and leave .
20 when the duke and listen return prince zorn saralinda and the golux be wait for they with a pile of jewel on the oak table and the clock be chime five . while the duke be count the jewel the golux and hark reveal that saralinda s father be the good king gwain of yarrow who give hagga the power to weep jewel . hark also reveal himself to be a servant of king gwain who be force to work for the duke and unable to save the princess himself due to be under a witch s spell .
38 when the duke and listen return prince zorn saralinda and the golux be wait for they with a pile of jewel on the oak table and the clock be chime five . while the duke be count the jewel the golux and hark reveal that saralinda s father be the good king gwain of yarrow who give hagga the power to weep jewel . hark also reveal himself to be a servant of king gwain who be force to work for the duke and unable to save the princess himself due to be under a witch s spell .
62 when the duke and listen return prince zorn saralinda and the golux be wait for they with a pile of jewel on the oak table and the clock be chime five . while the duke be count the jewel the golux and hark reveal that saralinda s father be the good king gwain of yarrow who give hagga the power to weep jewel . hark also reveal himself to be a servant of king gwain who be force to work for the duke and unable to save the princess himself due to be under a witch s spell .
9 a fortnight later the duke be gloat over his jewel when they turn back into tear . the room be plunge into darkness and the todal materialize to fulfill its function . hark enter the room a little later to find the room completely desert except for the duke s sword a small mysterious black ball stamp with scarlet owl and a puddle of tear on the table .
46 what the tornado of 1896 have begin and the encroachment of gas station and grocery store continue the great depression accelerate . by the end of world war ii the square’s half-century of decline be complete . at this time the neighborhood that be once the jewel of st . louis have reach the low point in its history by become “a pocket ghetto of the unfortunate and poor ” know as “slum d.” row house in the lafayette square neighborhoodreference
75 records at lansing s st . lawrence hospital reveal that nellie kehoe have be discharge on may 16 . #endnote between she release and the bomb two day later kehoe kill nellie by what be later determine to be blunt force trauma to the head with some unknown heavy object . she body be find in a wheelbarrow locate in the rear of the farm s chicken coop . pile around the cart be silverware jewel and a metal cash box . ashes of several bank note could be see through a slit in the cash box . #endnote kehoe have completely wire the farm and inside every building he insert homemade pyrotol firebomb .
39 journey home sequel to journey to topaz . the price of prejudice—the japanese-american relocation center in utah during wwii leonard j. arrington 1962 25th faculty honor lecture of utah state university 1997 with photograph and update the topaz museum jewel of the desert—japanese american internment at topaz sandra c. taylor university of california press citizen 13660 miné okubo 1946 columbia university press
40 they try to remember that all aspect of life be a result of god’s will hukam . contentment lead to freedom from care fear and worry . it be a very important divine quality it be a deep godly priceless jewel which be acquire by those soul who move on the path of sach khand .
51 bruce richard reynolds bear 7 september 1931 london be the brain behind the great train robbery in 1963 in which a gang steal £2.6 million . he be a career criminal who like the high life and drive an aston martin and many other fast car . an accomplished housebreaker and jewel thief he form the team that took the train with friend buster edwards gordon goody and driver roy james amongst other . the robbery remain the most financially significant robbery in british criminal history until the brinks mat robbery in 1983 . during the great train robbery the train driver jack mills be strike on the head with an iron bar .
24 she be the fourth african american woman to be a playboy playmate . she professional name be a pseudonym and be swahili for precious jewel .
23 treatise his treatise on gems trattato delle gemme 1565 fall into the lapidary tradition with dolce discuss not only the physical quality of jewel but the power infuse in they by the star . terpening pp . 151-156 .
65 in the anime tactics it be one that be use as a chant . in ninja gaiden for the x-box ninja gaiden 2 for the xbox 360 and ninja gaiden dragon sword ryu hayabusa use the kuji-in to increase his physical endurance . he do it by either use a full nine seal set life of the thousand gods or by collect each of the jewel life/lives of the god until he reach the whole nine seal . in tenchu z for the xbox 360 the kuji-in seal name be the rank for the online player match portion of the game . ascend from rin all the way to zen .
29 he be probably best know for play gumbold in the 1969 james bond film on she majesty s secret service and for his role as uncle arthur in the jewel in the crown . pensotti george 17 february 2009 . .
50 then some clip be show where burglar enter a city in the desert and raid the local there . at the first chorus part nadiya be show dance in the desert at night richly dress . when the second verse start nâdiya wear another dress a yellow one and many jewel in a sort of colloseum . again clip be show of burglar attack local people and still in the desert nâdiya pass away . at the second chorus nâdiya be show get a massage and treat like a princess while a spy see this run back to his boss and report that he see nâdiya .
52 dutch east india company factory in hugli-chuchura bengal . hendrik van schuylenburgh 1665 dutch india be the dutch colonial possession on the indian subcontinent while dutch indies refer to the far wider notion of the dutch west indies in the americas and especially the dutch east indies mainly present indonesia the colonial jewel in the dutch crown confusingly often informally call indië the region of greater india in dutch . its capital be cochin on the malabar coast .
57 like charlie he often take thing seriously . he arrest charlie louis and jessie but later realize outback ollie and his two henchman be behind the crime . when charlie louis and jessie tell he that outback ollie switch the collar on jackie before they go to shore at lake mead and that outback ollie put the jewel in louis jacket .
35 visit art 2005 basket weave tbanh kantrak . mat weave tbanh kantuel be a common seasonal occupation . they be most commonly make from reed either leave a natural tan color or dye in deep jewel tone . the region of cambodia best-known for mat weaving be the mekong floodplain especially around lvea em district . mat be commonly lay out for guest and be important building material for home .
54 a coronation be arrange for the new pope in a church in the cramp benedictine monastery of san giorgio on march 21 1800 . however the church lack a papal tiara with which to crown he . at short notice a temporary tiara be manufacture use papier-mâché and local aristocratic lady donate their private jewel to decorate the new temporary crown .
48 the new tiara be intend to be temporary but it continue in use for a number of decade even though one tiara the tiara of pope gregory xiii survive the destruction of 1798. although napoleon do donate a replacement tiara to pius vii some year later make with jewel steal from the tiara destroy by his troops in 1798 the new tiara be deliberately make too small and too heavy to be wear . it be doubtful whether pius would have wear it in any case give the circumstance of its creation and give that in the past he have be hold captive on napoleon s order and threaten physically on occasion . furthermore it be report that originally this tiara contain small plaque engrave with the name of napoleon s principal military victory which a cardinal later quietly replace with one bear scriptural verse .
45 june 22 1973 in long island new york u.s.a. be a guitarist . chris co-found the band orange 9mm with chaka malik in 1992 at age 19 . come out in the early 90 alongside helmet and quicksand orange 9mm amount to the third smallest jewel in new york s 90s metallic hardcore crown . they release a self-titled ep in 1994 follow by two full length effort driver not include in 1995 and tragic in 1996 . traynor then join helmet in 1997 as a live guitarist for the aftertaste tour .
67 the song be long and epic and be suppose to be listen to all at once as the track be more part of an individual composition than individual song . citation need the album come in a full-black shine case with golden moonsorrow logo with the original booklet inside . the united states release of the album through season of mist however be package in a clear jewel case display the album s artwork .
36 göteborg culture administration . . kofi annan inaugurate commemorative monument over raoul wallenberg göteborg culture administration . . sophie gyllenhammar mattson work as a consultant before embark a successful career as a designer of gold and jewel and have establish she own brand sophie by sophie . . . oscar gyllenhammar be work for icon medialab before start his own it company compost in 2000 and have since make a failed attempt to start an internet portal autoo .se
20 vessel class norwegian pearl be the third of ncl s four jewel class ship . she be precede by norwegian jewel in 2005 and norwegian jade originally pride of hawaii in 2006 . she be follow by norwegian gem in 2007 . each ship have unique amenity but have a similar exterior and interior design .
22 vessel class norwegian jade be the second of ncl s four jewel class ship . she be precede in 2005 by norwegian jewel then follow in 2006 by norwegian pearl and in 2007 by norwegian gem . each ship have unique amenity but have a similar exterior and interior design .
82 at a cost of over half a billion u.s. dollar the pride of hawaii be the largest and most expensive u.s. flag passenger ship ever build . she design be originally plan to be a sister ship to the pride of america utilize part from the northrop grumman shipyard and the fail project america series of ship . later ncl america decide that it would be better to enlarge the pride of hawaii and make she a sister ship to the norwegian jewel . after delivery to ncl she join the pride of america and pride of aloha as the final ship in the ncl america fleet . in she original livery as pride of hawaii
50 the law library have the second largest collection of volume and volume equivalent and the second or third largest number of unique individual cataloged volume and volume equivalent title among all law school library . law library the university of iowa college of law the law library be the crown jewel of the college and indeed of the university . it be technologically up to date currently have the second largest number of different individually catalogue title third if only bound volume be count and it have one of the most comprehensive collection of on-site legal material in the country .
76 the shadowmire this dank place be once a forest but due to some unexplained circumstance it be flood and become a swamp . there be a mine here that be use to dig up a special kind of powder that can be use to make explosive know as blasting pots . there be also an ancient memorial here know as the tree of mourning where friend and family of the deceased honor their dead by place jewel and many other valuable item within the chamber below the tree . here be where you must find the cypher rune the key for arokh to open the ancient gates . but the journey into the mire be perilous for in recent year the blood-thirsty trog have make the swamp their home and the tree of mourning be now the territory of the trog chieftain toadfist .
32 theft of the irish crown jewelsthe irish crown jewels . this image be publish by the royal irish constabulary and the dublin metropolitan police twice a week after the theft of the jewel be discover . vicars career be very distinguish until 1907 when it be hit by the scandal of the theft of the irish crown jewels . as registrar of the order of st patrick vicars have custody of the insignia of the order also know as the crown jewel .
71 this image be publish by the royal irish constabulary and the dublin metropolitan police twice a week after the theft of the jewel be discover . vicars career be very distinguish until 1907 when it be hit by the scandal of the theft of the irish crown jewels . as registrar of the order of st patrick vicars have custody of the insignia of the order also know as the crown jewel . they be find to be miss on july 6 and a crown jewel commission be establish in january 1908 to investigate the disappearance . vicar and his barrister tim healy refuse to attend the commission s hearing .
51 on 23 november 1912 the london mail publish serious false allegation against arthur vicars . the substance of the article be that vicars have allow a woman report to be his mistress to obtain a copy to the key to the safe and that she have flee to paris with the jewel . in july 1913 vicars successfully sue the paper for libel who admit that the story be completely baseless and that the woman in question do not exist . vicar be award damages of £5,000 .
75 this equatorial island be where the brother of st.-mere-abelle retrieve the gemstone with which they work their magic . the stone fall onto the island from the sky in dangerous shower approximately once every 173 year and the monk must retrieve and prepare the gem before they can be use . if the monk fail to do so within a short period of time the gem lose their magical potential and become ordinary if valuable jewel .
27 i be convince i be a fiend shootin up while this record be spinnin clinically brain dead i do not need a second opinion fuck droppin the jewel i be flippin the sacred treasure i'll bite your motherfucking style just to make it fresher i can not take the pressure i be sick of bitch
63 the japanese auxiliary cruiser sado maru capture 523 of she crew another 103 man escape in boat and be capture later and 18 man be lose . at about 10.00 on 28 may nakhimov sink at 34° 34'n 129° 32'e. in 1980 the ship be salvage for it be purportedly valuable cargo of gold bullion ingot and british sovereign as well as precious jewel and crate of platinum ingot by controversial japanese businessman ryoichi sasakawa despite protest from the soviet government claim that they own the rights to the salvage . sasakawa in turn offer the entire salvaged cargo to the soviets in return for the kuril islands to japan . eventually it turn out that the suppose platinum ingot be in fact lead .
14 intuition jamie foxx album intuition angela bofill album intuition song a 2003 song by jewel
64 found in 1863 it be aim at promotion of industry . after the german anschluss of czechoslovakia and the creation of the protectorate of bohemia-moravia the bank be confiscate by the german state and partially attach to dresdner bank . during the world war ii the bank head by rudolf reiner be one of the institution participate in the so-called reinhardt s fund the jewel silver and gold confiscate from the concentration camp inmate . . it also finance construction of some of the concentration camp through commercial credit to the ss and its subsidiary dest company . after the prague uprising the main seat of the bank in prague have become the headquarters of the social democratic party .
87 he serve his apprenticeship in ulm after which he refined his technique work as a journeyman in augsburg nuremberg and vienna three traditional center of luxury art . he go to dresden in 1692 where he spend the rest of his career in the service of augustus by whom he be appoint court jeweller in 1698. in the workshop he establish he be assist by his younger brother the enameller georg friedrich dinglinger 1666 1720 and georg christoph dinglinger 1668 1728 who specialize in cutting and set jewel . the sculptor balthasar permoser collaborate as a modeller in dinglinger s workshop .
122 director douglas sirk and screenwriter eleanore griffin and allan scott feel that such a story would not be accept in the wake of civil rights milestone such as the brown v. board of education case and the montgomery bus boycott and also feel that by the 1950s a black woman with a potentially successful food enterprise could make it on she own . citation need as a result the story be alter so that lora become a broadway star with she own talent with annie assist she by serve as a nanny for lora s child . in addition producer ross hunter be cannily aware that these plot change would enable lana turner to model an array of glamorous costume and real jewel something that would appeal to the female audience at that time . citation need
2 linnet s jewel be covet by elderly mrs. van schuyler bette davis . miss bowers maggie smith be force into a life of servitude when linnet’s father destroy she family . the maid louise bourget jane birkin be upset because linnet refuse she a promise dowry .
56 linnet have also upset she maid louise felicite du jeu by interfere in she romantic affair . rosalie otterbourne zoe telford and aristocrat-turned-marxist mr ferguson alastair mackenzie take an instant dislike to linnet . miss van schuyler judy parfitt admire linnet s pearl and tim allerton daniel lapaine have a history of be present when precious jewel have be steal .
41 june 15 2004 . . as of 2006 update glennon have be convict of sexually abuse 15 child in court case span 25 year and be currently serve a 33½ year prison term with a non-parole period of 26½ year . jewel topsfield october 10 2003 . herald sun . . republish by the poynter institute .
9 ghwerig a dwarfed troll who retrieve bhelliom a magical jewel from its cave and sculpt it into the shape of a rose infuse it with the spirit of the troll gods as he do so . ghwerig be madden by the loss of bhelliom and he devote most of the rest of his life to search for it . he eventually find it but be kill by sparhawk and kurik at the end of the ruby knight as they wrest it from he .
28 the dharma be one of the three jewels of buddhism in which practitioner of buddhism seek refuge what one rely on for his/her lasting happiness . the three jewel of buddhism be the buddha mind s perfection of enlightenment the dharma teachings and method and the sangha awaken being who provide guidance and support .
37 over breakfast the next morning uncle ben tell gabe about the tomb they be open . ben believe it belong to king tut s cousin khor-ru and could be fill with million of dollar worth of valuable jewel . or it could be empty a trick tomb to fool grave-robber ben casually warn . after breakfast sari tell gabe that she be worry about she father .
90 as a sign of the union between the two religion elagabalus give either astarte minerva urania or some combination of the three to el-gabal as a wife . herodian roman history v.6 herodian write that elagabalus force senator to watch while he dance around the altar of el-gabal to the sound of drum and cymbal and that each summer solstice become a great festival to el-gabal popular with the mass because of its widely distribute food . during this festival elagabalus place el-gabal on a chariot adorn with gold and jewel which he parade through the city after which he throw gift into the roman crowd
41 the sea-dwelling dragon of peace know as the pastha charge the six wizard with the task of fight back . they succeed seal the fire dragon away into a ruby at the top of a crown and themselves become the six jewel around the crown s base . the crown call gemfire be a symbol of utmost power and authority .
11 and chock full of new or modified jane-ism such as this jewel when tell she be assign to a jury panel i will say he be not guilty whoever he be . if he be nice enough to pay i three dollar a day to be his jury the least i can do be recuperate do not it to you in most other respects crosby write jane be a rather difficult conversationalist because she be either three jump ahead or three long stride behind the person she be converse with .
45 slave be often barter for object of various different kind in the sûdân they be exchange for cloth trinket and so on . in the maghreb they be swap for horse . in the desert city length of cloth pottery venetian glass bead dyestuff and jewel be use as payment . the trade in black slave be part of a diverse commercial network . alongside gold coin cowrie shell from the indian ocean or the atlantic canaries luanda be use as money throughout black africa merchandise be pay for with sack of cowrie .
28 july 23 2008 . access on october 13 2008 . since then the former brewery be purchase by silver ventures inc. which have make the property the crown jewel in revitalization effort of northern downtown san antonio . pearl keep its promise san antonio express news . march 28 2008 .
72 there be report verify by multiple source that the behavior of french soldier be not what could be expect . instead of help the firefighting and provide care for fire victim many soldier proceed in pillage shop and residence prevent the householder from rescue their fortune so that could loot they later themselves . the next day general sarrail order the execution of two french soldier who be arrest for sell steal jewel . on the contrary the british soldier assist in the firefight as long as they could particularly with the transportation of fortune and fire victim with military lorry to settlement for refugee for the same thing the driver of french car ask for pourboire .
6 two week later in the second jewel of the triple crown barbaro go off as an odds-on favorite . barbaro crash through the gate prior to the bell and have to be re-load . less than an eighth mile out of the gate barbaro pull up .
16 mythology saintssant shri sheikh mohammad maharaj patron saint of shrigonda five saint be call as five jewel of this holy land . they be shri sant rohidas maharaj
34 spottswood have contribute to hundred of reissue recording issue by company like arhoolie rounder herwin melodeon yazoo document biograph revenant and dust-to-digital and his own piedmont label illuminating and make available exceptional and nearly-forgotten jewel of american vernacular music for generation to come and influencing musicologist and musician . john fahey in his book how bluegrass music destroyed my life credit a record canvass trip with spottswood and the blind willie johnson record which spottswood play he subsequently with alter the course of his life .
45 michel be name for helene delauné the first woman over from france on she mother s side of the family . helene delauné be in the court of marie antoinette and she husband jules andre fight in the french revolution . antoinette give helene delauné jewel to help she and she husband escape to louisiana . michel s father s family be the eleventh family in new orleans .
29 go where the music take you ...and transport yourself . ari be release a new album of his unique brand of soulful pop . working with steve skinner akon jewel r kelly and grammy award winning producer joe hogue faith evans kelly price nemesis with special guest sasha allen vh-1 bear to diva and multi platinum sell capitol records artist dave koz . lgbt-focussed magazine pink say his lyric linger on gender sexuality addiction and race . pink picks entertainment
3 like a rich jewel in an ethiope s ear
3 like a rich jewel in an ethiope s ear
13 the temple of the warrior a beautiful jaguar statue embed with a blue jewel be find here as well as an ancient trinket call the sun necklace which can tell the time of day . cadaver be find here .
65 lancer chase shirō around the school try to kill he adhere to a rule of the holy grail war which state bystander must be kill . lancer corner shirō in one of the hallway and mortally wound he with his gáe bolg . tohsaka rin shirō s classmate and archer s master feel guilty about involve shirō and save his life use she strongest healing jewel a memento give to she by she father . rin leave before shirō wake up . shirō amaze he be still alive return to his home and be ambush by lancer .
82 archer stay behind to fight he give the other time to escape . in the ensue battle archer use his reality marble unlimited blade works and heavily damage berserker kill he five time this be not enough to defeat berserker as he possess the ability to revive himself twelve time . as archer fade away he refer to illyasviel as ilya a name use only by she close friend all that remain of the servant after he fade away be the red jewel pendant rin once use to save shirō . it should also be note that archer do indeed have the opportunity to kill ilya as he throw his blade to smash a light though it miss ilya by only a foot . this show that he care about ilya still like shirō and would rather die than kill she .
35 saber now not only have she mana restore but have gain an ability to regenerate it . the three then formulate a battle plan against ilya and berserker . rin propose that she use she jewel as an ultimate attack on berserker take he out and then go for ilya afterwards .
55 saber and berserker face off while rin hide and wait for the right moment . shirō because of his desire to help saber try to help she by use his trace ability to create a bow and arrow but find it do little damage . when rin finally find an opening she attack with she jewel and manage to kill he once . however shirō saber and rin have not know of berserker s noble phantasm god hand which allow he to regenerate his body eleven time thus grant he an effective twelve life . after previously be defeat five time by archer and another one time by rin blow away his head berserker would still need to be strike down a total of seven more time .
41 both of these print have be sold-out in the 1990 and be consider somewhat collector s item . the original trinity print feature a psychedelic cartoon draw inside the album cover booklet . the japanese print include english lyric in the jewel case insert booklet as well as japanese translation of the lyric .
51 it be also license and release in japan by japanese zero record label . both of these print have be sell out in the 1990 s and be consider somewhat collector s item . in the original print the front cover feature a kingston wall logo as a sticker on the jewel case .
94 the name mean that the box set contain the release of the 17 18 and 19-year old suzuki ami the old artist in 2005 she be know as a new artist in she new label avex trax . it contain all the cd and dvd previously release of the artist plus a previously-unreleased dvd of ami s first live concert 1st concert oh yeah which take place in may 1999 in zepp tokyo with a bonus dvd of the behind the scene of the concert . it only contain the disc no booklet or jewel case and contain a bonus deluxe booklet .
9 carbuncle carbuncle be small creature who have a small jewel on his forehead . he be leave behind after the athena student be capture by ogre . his true name be not carbuncle but eun-kyul name he that and it eventually stick .
62 while in arcadia april decide to search for the part of the stone disc an artifact vital for unlock the entrance to the guardian s realm . as she find out the disc consist of four part distribute for safekeeping among four magical people of arcadia who would presumably gain nothing but death should the balance be compromise and of four sacred jewel call the dragon s eye each associate with one of the four draic kin . since two of the kin red and green permanently reside in stark cortez have agree to get their jewels himself while april be responsible for the rest .
51 acting as an emissary april manage to declare peace between two people . as a sign of gratitude they present she with the second part of the disc and a passage to the blue kin . the kin be extremely reluctant to give any answer but he willingly part with his jewel and even summons a shadow ship of the dark people who without cause any more trouble for april acknowledge she as the wave another messiah and hand over their part of the disc as well as a stellar map indicate the location of the secret entrance to the realm of the guardians which be somewhere outside the solar system .
78 in stark april recall that lady alvane suggest use she talent to control she shifting ability and try to apply it by draw a picture of what she see in one of she dream . immediately she be transfer to the very location in arcadia that she draw that be to the nest of the white of the kin . the kin be exhaust by she previous battle against chaos vortex and die shortly after april retrieve she jewel . when she die the single egg in she nest hatch and a new white kin be bear whom april call sister . both leave the place immediately .
52 april now fully in control of she shift power return to stark and visit flipper who give she a fake identification card that will help she enter the vanguard headquarters and confront mcallen and halloway . up in the headquarters mcallen quickly force april to hand over the disc and the two jewel and set a mutant probably a result of a failed experiment in vanguard laboratory on she for further intimidation . she destroy the mutant and be later find by cortez who have just escape the vanguard custody . mcallen reappear and engage in a fierce fight against cortez .
12 uncertain of what to do april retrieve the disc now with all jewel insert into place and visit flipper again to discover what he have learn about the star map make by the dark people . flipper have indeed decode the map and pinpoint the location of the realm s entrance to be somewhere near the morning star space station . the vanguard find and kill he .
0 jewel neckline circular these be round and sit at the base of the throat and be also call the t-shirt neckline .
79 it be generally advise that the neckline shape be choose to balance the wearer s natural feature . thus a face with round curve be well-framed by an angular linear neckline and collar whereas an angular face be soften with curve . similarly a short neck and face will appear lengthen by neckline with strong vertical or nearly vertical line such as a plunge v neckline or a long knotted scarf or necklace conversely high neckline such as the jewel or turtleneck type balance long face . broad shoulder can seem more narrow with style line that converge inward e .g. the halter neckline whereas pear-shaped figure can be balance by diverge or horizontal line e.g. an off-the-shoulder or boat neckline .
32 delta phi epsilon s flower be the lovely purple iris and its international mascot be the unicorn . the sisterhood badge be an equilateral triangle in gold surround by 21 pearl the jewel of the sorority . dphie s open motto be esse quam videri in latin to be rather than to seem to be .
57 the nightingale become popular and when the emperor almost die the nightingale s song bring he back to life . soon the nightingale and the emperor become good friend but the nightingale be unhappy at she captivity . meanwhile the emperor be send a gift of a mechanical bird that can sing and be cover in beautiful jewel . the new toy become the star at the palace and everyone forget about the nightingale . the neglect nightingale fly away and no one notice .
63 from the memoirs of xuanzang we learn that at the time of his visit in 630 there be in balkh or its vicinity about a hundred buddhist convent with 3,000 devotee and that there be a large number of stupa and other religious monument and that buddhism be flourish in the bactrian portion of western turk empire . he cite the monastic navbahar jewel in accordance with local zoroastrian custom . he also describe it as have strong links with the kingdom of khotan in east turkistan . the temple be lead by kashmiris call pramukh who under the arabized name of barmak come to be know as the barmakid .
0 jewel
13 in most version he then order the lady to undress and remove she jewel . in some variant she then ask he to turn away while she undress give she the opportunity to surprise he and for example push he in the sea or tumble he into the stream . in other variant she tell he to lay your head upon my knee in some case offer to de-louse the knight .
29 lawler s big break come in 1995 when dj jason bye ask he to play daily at ibiza s repute cafe mambo of san antonio sunset strip fame . jewel august 29 2001 . . . here he meet darren hughes of the nightclub cream who sign he to a residency at cream .
65 the locust be the locust s fourth release and first full length album . it be release on 12 lp in september 1998 see 1998 in music on the gold standard labs record label and contain an eclectic mesh of punk hardcore and grindcore which mix together to create a 16 minute long album . the cd version be a 3 cd inside a regular jewel case it be release in may 1999
8 # original vocalist aya hisakawa # hōseki 宝石 jewel le portrait de petite cossette # vocalist keiko kubota # original vocalist marina inoue
24 barbara and rosalba would team up in another movie combine sex with horror . this be 1972’s casa d’appuntamento french sex murder . a jewel thief be accuse of murder a prostitute but be decapitate in a motorcycle accident prior to the trial . when those involve in the trial start die everyone wonder if the dead man have come back to exact a little revenge .
3 character in the jewel in the crown ronald merrick
57 the title of the book the jewel in the crown come from a painting that miss crane use to teach she student english . the painting depict queen victoria on the throne of india receive the homage of the prince of india in the manner of a durbar . the painting be an allegory in which a jewel be present to victoria represent india itself . edwina crane use the allegorical painting to replace a portrait of gandhi that once hang in she classroom formerly a great admirer of the mahatma she have become disillusion by his later political philosophy which perhaps seem treacherous to most briton to the preservation of the anglo-indian alliance during the japanese aggression of wwii .
5 john robie be a former jewel thief formerly know as the cat who now spend his time tend to his rose garden in france . there be a series of jewel robbery on the riviera that resemble his style and the police believe that the cat be up to his old trick again . a young lady vacation in france suspect robie at first then offer to help he catch the burglar .
30 john robie be a former jewel thief formerly know as the cat who now spend his time tend to his rose garden in france . there be a series of jewel robbery on the riviera that resemble his style and the police believe that the cat be up to his old trick again . a young lady vacation in france suspect robie at first then offer to help he catch the burglar .
10 pansy spider an identical twin to snowdrop spinner spider shimmer jewel beetle snowdrop spider pansy s twin sister squirt spider
53 as tape and cd supplant lp the mechanism for indicate a cut-out change . on cassette a hole tend to be punch or burn through the case and through its print insert . on cds a practice that continue today a section of vary size be take out of the spine of the jewel case and its paper track listing . other method of cut cd include punch a hole through the upc and clip a corner off of the front insert .
22 the late late blues by milt jackson and john coltrane from the 1961 album bag and trane p be still free the jewel in the lotus by benny maupin from the 1974 album the jewel in the lotus papa be too live by joe tex from the 1968 album live and lively stop frontin
34 the late late blues by milt jackson and john coltrane from the 1961 album bag and trane p be still free the jewel in the lotus by benny maupin from the 1974 album the jewel in the lotus papa be too live by joe tex from the 1968 album live and lively stop frontin
45 comic book and animation in addition to the land of the lost comic book series draw by olive bailey for ec comics hewson s story be animate as a short-lived series of famous studios film shorts land of the lost 1948 land of the lost jewel 1950 and land of lost watches 1951 . voice in these animated film include mae questel as isabel and rosita wristwatch jack mercer as the knife of the round table and various character cecil roy as billy and jackson beck as red lantern and other character .
10 eric anderson torrance jones angel schmiedt arlette kelly-jones kimona ryan jewel starr arielle quatro tasha james will mcclain jordan matthews
29 ramen ikaga 1995 original 1997 shinkyoku divine comedy 1998 gorgeous carat virtue of darkness 1999-2002 a young french nobleman find himself catch up in the maneuver of the famous jewel thief noir . tenshi no hitsugi ave maria angel s coffin ave maria 2000 tenshi nus bara no hanataba o rose bouquet for an angel 2000-2001 also call l'alleluja des anges sei turn into a girl when he be around white rose .
48 it be the sequel to dark sun shattered lands . wake of the ravager be initially release in two boxed version on floppy disk and on cd-rom with the latter feature digitised voice and music as red book cd track . it be later re-release in a cd-rom jewel case form factor and also as part of the ad&d masterpiece collection in 1996 .
79 the absent spendthrift sir hector brandon notify his wife lady brandon heather thatcher that he intend to sell a valuable sapphire call the blue water . the three orphan geste brother beau gary cooper digby robert preston and john ray milland have be raise by lady brandon since childhood along with she ward isobel rivers susan hayward . at beau s request the gem be bring out for one last look when suddenly the light go out and the jewel disappear . all present proclaim their innocence but first beau and then digby depart without warning each leave a confession that he commit the robbery . john reluctantly part from his beloved isobel and go after his brother .
75 in 1768 kettle sail to india with the british east india company landing at madras now chennai where he remain for two year . there he paint lord pigot and muhammad ali kahn twice once alone and once with five of his son . he also paint non-portrait include dancing girl black in 1772 and a suttee scene in 1776 entitle the ceremony of a gentoo woman take leave of she relation and distribute she jewel prior to ascend the funeral pyre of she deceased husband . in 1770 kettle paint a half-length portrait of sir levett hanson a peripatetic writer on european knighthood and chivalry originally from yorkshire . the portrait be now in the collection of the bury st edmunds manor house museum .
4 amrapali 1966 suraj 1966 jewel thief 1967 sunghursh 1968 duniya
29 she subtly manipulate train to work with by use his appetite and thrill of adventure to she own end . she dislike mention of she age . she like jewel and shopping but dislike steal anything that she cannot carry on person . rinlet own and use a gun but she be not as skilled at fight as train or sven she also carry a whip with a heart shape tip for move quickly . she be not cold-hearted and will help other or even destroy what she be hire to steal if the item be dangerous to humanity .
95 the old gentleman and his two boy spend their day work outside in the great field while beauty spend she time help in any way she can bring the man their lunch look after the farm animal and she two grouchy sister . one day a messenger arrive bring the work man great joy for one of the old ship have make its way to the harbor in the city the golden swan and it possibly might be fill with valuable cargo . excited the two spoiled girl alicia and pauline start ask for gift jewel and dress then the man ask of beauty what she would like for herself and she humbly ask for a small rose . without waste any time the old gentleman say farewell to his child and ride on horseback make his long way to the city . in the city the harbor master take the old gentleman to inspect the ship which seem to be in very bad shape .
57 after dinner the old man find a comfortable bed and spend the night inside the enchanted castle . when morning arrive the old gentleman loudly thank his invisible yet generous host and prepare to leave for he realize his child must be worry . remember the promise make to his daughter he know he cannot bring the jewel and dress alicia and pauline have ask for but the castle garden have many rose and the man decide to pluck one for beauty . as soon as say rose be cut the wind begin blow hard and the man realize that something strange be happen . suddenly a great ferocious beast appear and scold the man for have cut one of the rose he care for above anything else in the world .
92 the old gentleman reject the proposition with all of his heart but beauty insist that if he truly love she he will let she be the one to choose . the old gentleman be accompany by beauty to the beast s castle where the girl be startle by the appearance of the beast . though a bit offend by she reaction the beast understand that if beauty come it be because she have choose to be the one to be kill and as compensation give the old gentleman a chest full of jewel . the man anger by the thought that she daughter should be replace with jewel beg for she life but be calm down by beauty and ask to go home and to think kindly of the beast . father and daughter part and though neither one of they see it the beast be momentarily touch by their mutual affection .
77 the old gentleman be accompany by beauty to the beast s castle where the girl be startle by the appearance of the beast . though a bit offend by she reaction the beast understand that if beauty come it be because she have choose to be the one to be kill and as compensation give the old gentleman a chest full of jewel . the man anger by the thought that she daughter should be replace with jewel beg for she life but be calm down by beauty and ask to go home and to think kindly of the beast . father and daughter part and though neither one of they see it the beast be momentarily touch by their mutual affection . that night beauty find herself in one of the many great room in the beast s castle wait for the time in which he shall kill she she tell herself that she be ready and have no regret .
122 they do so and the woman be a fairy promise that the next time they wish something without think of she it would come true . for a long time they could not make a wish without think of she but one day the king come by . the oldest daughter roussette say that if she marry the king s admiral she would make sail for all his ship the second brunette that if she marry the king s brother she would make he lace enough to fill a castle the third blondine that if she marry the king she would bear he two son and a daughter who would have golden chain about their neck and star on their forehead and jewel would fall from their hair .
27 the fairy guard the boat until it fall in with a pirate ship . the captain bring they to his childless wife . when they find that jewel fall from the child s hair the captain give up his piracy because he would be rich without it . they name the princess belle-etoile french for beautiful star she older brother petit-soleil little sun she younger heureux happy and their cousin who do not have the chain or star but be more beautiful than his cousin chéri darling .
5 biography movie octopussy be a jewel smuggler who live a life of luxury in a float palace near delhi india . she father major dexter smythe study octopus hence she nickname octopussy . she real first name be unknown but it can be assume that smythe be she real last name however this be never explicitly confirm .
32 the stupa three mound be discover in bhattiprolu in 1870 . in 1892 when excavation be undertake by alexander rea three inscribed stone relic casket contain crystal casket relic of buddha and jewel be find . the stupa be find to be 40 meter in diameter with an additional basement of 2.4 meter wide run all around . the most significant discovery be the crystal relic casket of sarira dhatu of the buddha from the central mass of the stupa .
11 glad tidings garden of ridván . jewel in the lotus 1987 jewel in the lotus 4 of 10 song we be baha'is 1982 divine note we be baha'is album detail lenz also produce an 6 hr talk on music and the art the oneness of humankind a spiritual journey explain the origin of the various art form and its important necessity in our life .
23 # the earl of errol – 4:11 # christ church/nuala kennedy s reel/ambassador craig murray s reel – 4:25 # seudan a chuain jewel of the ocean/the grinder/barbhas agus butthea – 4:59 # belfast to boston – 6:03 # the anniversary reel/out for the night – 4:11
20 raker be target next . the company s wizard with soulcatcher s backing display a fortune in gold silver and jewel protect by magic in a nearby neutral city a bounty for his head . raker have no choice but to try to steal it before half the world try to collect . isolated when he ignore the circle s order to withdraw he be eventually kill by raven and croaker but not before his disobedience sap the morale of the rebel in the region .
4 in joyas prestada loaned jewel 2006 where niña pastori make personal version of song originally by artist from very different style and genre . the original artist include joan manuel serrat alejandro sanz mexican rocker maná dominican artist juan luis guerra antonio machín manolo garcía of el Último de la fila luz casal armando manzanero los jeros or marifé de triana .
127 on 26 may last the commissioners sit in our place to ascertain the yearly value of our land that a tenth part might be assess accord to act of parliament when my master the prior deliver they a book of the yearly rent which be not in all point make truly . also on 22 september last we have a visitation of our house by dr. layton when we have certain injunction give we to be observe several of which have be neglect hitherto . i send you this information in discharge of my oath of obedience and would have do it earlier if i could have have a trusty messenger for if my master know of my writing he would convey away the plate money and jewel in his keep . a letter to lord lisle of 16 march 1538 state that the priory be to be suppress and that our lady of southwick be take down . on 7 april 1538 the surrender be sign by the prior william norton and twelve of the canon .
59 the middle atlas end in the east at tazekka national park tazekka national park create in 1950 cover 137.37 km² with a landscape replete with narrow canyon and cave . in the south of sefrou the forest of cedar of holm oak and of cork oak alternate with plate volcanoic strip and small full of fish lake . the jewel of the middle atlas be it ifrane national park locate in causse atlassic between khenifra and ifrane .
73 magda inform khan of the miss copy they have lose and thus khan have to bid for his own egg in order to return it to the russian vault and uncover their operation . bond and an mi6 art assessor bid against they replace the real egg with the copy miss by kamal which be retrieve by agent 009 at the cost of his life . finally bond allow they to have the jewel after have augment its price considerably . in the switch bond manage to steal the authentic egg .
39 # la prisonnière du clocher the prisoner of the bell tower 1930 # sur la piste d'houdini on the trail of houdini 1930 # la sautoir volé ou les mystérieux voleurs de bijoux the stolen necklace or the mysterious jewel thief 1930 # dans la vienne souterraine in underground vienna 1930 # le rajah rouge the red rajah 1930 flax
53 in 1931 clayton obtain a california superior court order enjoin she former business partner w.l. rucker from dispose of 316 pearl . clayton and rucker agree to purchase a cosmetic business and the pearl have be entrust to rucker to raise money . the deal fall through and he refuse to return the jewel . rucker admit to possess the pearl but claim they have be pledge as security for a $ 125 loan . the pearl be value at $ 20,000 .
67 alanna once again leave and this time in search of the dominion jewel to bring back to tortall and to prove herself as a true knight . she come across new friend who help she along she journey such as the shang dragon liam princess thayet of sarain and she loyal bodyguard buriram tourakom . but while successful in she quest to gift she homeland with the jewel bad news greet she jonathan be now king of tortall and she archenemy roger of conté have rise from the dead .
69 after nectan s death a considerable cult grow up around his shrine and this continue to be popular throughout the middle ages support both by saxon king and norman lord . lyfe bishop of crediton approve the translation of his body as an accomplish fact provide bell lead for the roof and a sculptured reliquary for the church . furthermore nectan s staff be decorate with gold silver and jewel . manor be give to the church to endow it against pirate .
7 symphony in c 2nd movement la valse jewel diamond in the night the nutcracker highlight teacher and pupil
70 blues brother soul sister three double-cd volume and a best of collection contain blues and soul classic . rock n roll lovesongs two double-cd volume of classic rock n roll hit . rock n roll be here to stay two cd collection of 40 original 50 s 60 s rock n roll hit . 2 different version with different album artwork be available with one be in a dual-style thick jewel case and the other in a 2cd flip-over style jewel case . stompin party 40 party hit range from the 1950 be to 1980 s and know as the world s greatest party album as state on the album artwork . it s electric a successful single-cd collection of new romantic classic .
80 blues brother soul sister three double-cd volume and a best of collection contain blues and soul classic . rock n roll lovesongs two double-cd volume of classic rock n roll hit . rock n roll be here to stay two cd collection of 40 original 50 s 60 s rock n roll hit . 2 different version with different album artwork be available with one be in a dual-style thick jewel case and the other in a 2cd flip-over style jewel case . stompin party 40 party hit range from the 1950 be to 1980 s and know as the world s greatest party album as state on the album artwork . it s electric a successful single-cd collection of new romantic classic .
61 jacob bannon owner of deathwish inc. and vocalist of converge design the artwork for the album . there be a limited edition lp press of 300 copy with an alternate title for the album when we have each other we have everything . the title for track 2 and 3 be reverse in the track listing on the back of the jewel disc .
94 in 2004 internet-cdrom unit have be establish . after 1996 dr k m krishna asstt librarian jewel of india rajasthan have take new step to improve and mordenise the library building by add new infrastructure and service like reprographic unit 1997 internet-cdrom unit 2004 audio visualunit 2004 book bank unit periodical unit old stack unit cctv system of the library . he have make first library orientation cd library on progress since 1947 for ug/pg student of this college not only in rajasthan but also in india 20/8 2008 and he have be award jewel of india and eminent citizen award in 2006 for outstanding contribution in library and profession service .
3 1 . gold jewel and ornament have be export to other country
81 buttons even trap blitz underneath a large power magnet as well . as the 2 crook plan their next heist gaylord fly out of the cage and open the safe to release his buzzing companion who give the 2 crook a hard time and free blitz from the magnet . blitz pin buttons to the floor as the rest of the c.o.p.s. team storm in to free bowser mainframe and the bugman from the cage and arrest nightshade and buttons for jewel theft . the bugman try to escape to with the loot but be catch by bowser who place he and his trained bug under arrest .
2 domenica 7. jewel of kiss 8 . はつこい hatsukoi first love
48 this time he bring on his brother tommy clarke to help produce . they record over a weekend at the studio of jazz-o-lution bassist s marshall topo with whom he have work for carla henderson s your tiny video in port chester ny . the album s crown jewel fancy pants be a paean to one of clarke s musical hero david bowie . but many of clarke s song be clearly the product by his local work with group of child in the lower hudson valley region of new york and clarke have say at his live show that jack jack jackson and jason be four actual boy from one of his music class . always assume intelligence on the part of the child clarke arrange a version of the christmas carol we three kings incorporated element from mozart s requiem mass especially the vocal portion of lacrimosa die illa nytimes.com
5 anne murray vanessa l. williams jewel dustin kensrue bruce cockburn
34 the lynton barnstaple railway trust the trust be an educational charity support the rebuilding and operation of the railway by the lynton barnstaple railway company determine to reinstate the railway that be once the jewel in the crown of north devon england .
35 misc . in addition to the initial press of the.lost.innocent which feature a white digipack case with a velcrow strap there be also an alternate version with a black cover that come in a regular jewel case . this be the remastered version and feature superior sound to that of the previous edition though this release tend to be overlook . there be alternate cover release for tsuki no hana memories in white and defect lover complex .
18 this dice strategy game can be play with a physical set of dice that be make from hand-crafted jewel or it can be play mentally . it originate on a planet call coba a former colony of the ruby empire that become isolate during the empire s collapse and remain so even during the time of the novel . all member of coban society learn to play quis but only a few excel at it .
36 separate from any princedom be goddess keep the home of the sunrunners or faradh'im who be govern by the lord or lady of goddess keep. sunrunner each have a unique pattern of color describe by the jewel associate with the color which they weave into the light . on the light sunrunner can communicate with each other over vast distance watch or spy on the doings of other and cast spell . sunrunner can also call air and fire and conjure image use these ability .
1 a jewel box line with red velveta jewelry box also know as a casket be a receptacle for trinket not only jewel . it may take a very modest form cover in leather and line with satin or it may reach the monumental proportion of the jewel cabinet which be make for marie antoinette one of which be at windsor castle and another at the palace of versailles the work of schwerdfeger as cabinetmaker degault as miniature-painter and thomire as chaser .
21 a jewel box line with red velveta jewelry box also know as a casket be a receptacle for trinket not only jewel . it may take a very modest form cover in leather and line with satin or it may reach the monumental proportion of the jewel cabinet which be make for marie antoinette one of which be at windsor castle and another at the palace of versailles the work of schwerdfeger as cabinetmaker degault as miniature-painter and thomire as chaser .
46 a jewel box line with red velveta jewelry box also know as a casket be a receptacle for trinket not only jewel . it may take a very modest form cover in leather and line with satin or it may reach the monumental proportion of the jewel cabinet which be make for marie antoinette one of which be at windsor castle and another at the palace of versailles the work of schwerdfeger as cabinetmaker degault as miniature-painter and thomire as chaser .
40 in 1869 the same year mount tabor be incorporate the newark conference begin to establish another camp meeting in ocean grove at the jersey shore . this be the premier camp meeting of the newark conference and one of the jewel in the crown of the methodist episcopal church .
10 very ornate and impractical flabellum be make in gold and jewel in the romanesque period the example in the metropolitan museum be especially intricate . metropolitan
50 the wooden bookshelf in rococo style be situate on the sidewall in two row separate by a balcony with a wooden railing . they contain over 35,000 leather-bound volume attest of the extent of western knowledge from the 14th to the 19th century . among they be many valuable bibliographical jewel such as incunabulum . these beautiful finished volume be bind in the local workshop livraria in the rocaille style also by manuel caetano de sousa .
75 yet despite the valuable service which the class render not infrequently to the crown itself the usurer be treat with studied cruelty sir walter scott s isaac of york be no mere creation of fiction . these barbarity begin by diminish the number of jew in the country long before edwards decree of banishment to make it worth the while of the lombard merchant to settle in england . in 1338 edward iii pawn his jewel to the lombards to raise money for his war with france . an equally great king henry v do much the same in 1415 .
73 in the very first year of james i s reign an act against brokers be pass and remain on the statute-book until queen victoria have be 35 year on the throne . it be aim at counterfeit broker of whom there be then many in london . this type of broker be evidently regard as a mere receiver of steal goods for the act provide that no sale or pawn of any steal jewel plate or other goods to any pawnbroker in london or westminster or southwark shall alter the property therein and that pawnbroker refuse to produce goods to their owner from whom steal shall forfeit double the value .
47 it be as a rule manage by a committee or commission and the regulation follow italy pretty closely the line of the one in rome which never lend less than fod . or more than 40 . four-fifth of the value be lend upon gold silver and jewel and two-third upon other article . the interest which be reckon monthly vary with the amount of the loan from 5 to 7 % but no interest be chargeable upon loan up to 5 lira . a loan run for six month and may be renew for similar period up to a maximum of five year .
63 raja live in dubai u.a.e. and be a career-criminal partner by his girlfriend tina and she maternal uncle chobey . raja also make additional money by masquerade as rahul the son of lajwanti who be kill in an accident . since chobey owe money to a gangster name moscow chikna raja decide to help he out by arrange the abduction of rocky a jewel thief who have a priceless diamond in his possession . if raja and his gang do not bring this diamond to moscow chikna he have swear to cut off their arm . when another gangster jd find out about the diamond he ask they to bring the diamond to he or else he will cut off their leg .
36 the next day while the brother be work as grocery store clerk the necklace that peach drop become a matter of concern for mario . luigi immediately notice the broach and regard it as the visionary jewel from the country of treasure . soon kibidango a small dog-like entity wander into the store and snatch the necklace from mario . mario and luigi pursue after kibidango into the mushroom kingdom .
44 maggi introduce she grandfather to thorpe . sorenson know what thorpe want and offer to help he by search for nova use his starship the osiris . however he inform thorpe that he must help he first by apply his thieving skill to precious jewel from the warlord xian s treasure chest so that he can pay someone to fix his ship . thorpe and maggi be nearly catch by the warlord’s henchman but they subdue they and eventually succeed in obtain the goods from the treasure chest .
26 a counterfeit version of the keep cd appear use the same cover and liner as the 1997 tdi release . it be package in a standard jewel case instead of a digipak .
24 how it will look the main element of the scheme be a three-tiered mall make up of high street retailer and independent . the jewel in the crown will be a sq ft m 2 debenham department store . the shopping centre or galleria will be curve in design and cover by a glass canopy at the highest level . the top floor of the galleria will feature cafés bar and restaurant include a roof terrace .
18 unbeknownst to he prior to embark on his journey of sexual discovery he have unwittingly photograph an international jewel thief of whom no other photo exist . the jewel thief omar and his criminal partner nina be intent on recover the film in order to retain omar s anonymity .
28 unbeknownst to he prior to embark on his journey of sexual discovery he have unwittingly photograph an international jewel thief of whom no other photo exist . the jewel thief omar and his criminal partner nina be intent on recover the film in order to retain omar s anonymity .
27 # i'll sit alone and think a lot about you from on the way – 4:31 #*performed by six organ of admittance # cave in on you/european jewel incomplete both from ready for the house – 5:06 #*performed by home for the def # down in a mirror from chair beside a window – 3:34
23 movie chief inspector jacques clouseau peter sellers in the pink panther series of film . in the first film david niven s suave jewel thief be the main character . but audience and critic so love the bumble clouseau that later film in the series be write around he instead . derek m. germano 2004 .
35 the inn be place to sleep and stay at an inn will raise a character s level if they have enough experience point . there be three inn . the flea bag inn cost 10 jewel piece to stay a night . however stay here can result in get rob or catch a disease . the yuppydom inn cost 200 jewel piece .
31 the flea bag inn cost 10 jewel piece to stay a night . however stay here can result in get rob or catch a disease . the yuppydom inn cost 200 jewel piece . the kings inn cost 6000 jewel piece and a staff cleric will heal all the character s wound . the stores sell weapon and armor or you can buy the town for 1000000 jewel piece .
26 however stay here can result in get rob or catch a disease . the yuppydom inn cost 200 jewel piece . the kings inn cost 6000 jewel piece and a staff cleric will heal all the character s wound . the stores sell weapon and armor or you can buy the town for 1000000 jewel piece . the temple sell healing disease and poison cure and a level gain .
41 the yuppydom inn cost 200 jewel piece . the kings inn cost 6000 jewel piece and a staff cleric will heal all the character s wound . the stores sell weapon and armor or you can buy the town for 1000000 jewel piece . the temple sell healing disease and poison cure and a level gain . the wizard s guild will tell the player what different spell do .
9 short story the servants of bit-yakin also publish as jewel of gwahlur beyond the black river the black stranger
49 he begin his career in 1767 work at the menus plaisirs du roi design ephemeral decoration for court fêtes and by 1777 he be its director . in this position he be in charge of the funeral preparation for louis xv and the coronation coach of louis xvi. the jewel cabinet he design for the wedding of the dauphin to marie-antoinette have not survive but a drawing of it exist and most remarkably the maquette present for approval of the design make of wax and paint paper on a wooden frame now at the walters art gallery baltimore which show that it be very advance for its date design in time to be deliver 4 may 1770 in a fully-developed neoclassical taste with caryatid demi-figure and framed medallion in blue and white
14 this be the season of what now be the time of return with think jewel polished and gleam
13 a standard version of incarnation be also release which be print in a jewel case without the extra remix cd. however this version include a hidden track 13 entitle discovering neptune and until 2006 even his closest friend and relative have no idea of the song existence . naturally most of they listen to the special edition version only .
13 only five bowler in the history of the pba have win all three jewel of the triple crown in their career
7 do you hope to pluck this dusky jewel
19 history of ampelakia the traveler who will feel the need to visit the historical town of ampelakia name the jewel of thessaly have to go up the well make road that start from the tempe valley the old baba . after just 5 kilometer be ampelakia . as we get closer to the town the mansion of george mavros schwartz stand out .
27 on july 1 2006 the traditional and sponge marine museum open and feature the marine life of the koutalians before they flee from propontis inside from the jewel and the archived photo from the old hometown the diver s enjoyment .
5 aloinopsis luckhoffius aloinopsis malherbei giant jewel plant aloinopsis peersius aloinopsis rosula
28 every corner and angular projection of the central wall space of the temple be inhabit by familiar deity . they appear in all their glory adorn with heavy jewel tower crown bangle on every arm and chunky anklet on their foot .
42 the excavation in the area begin after two archaeologist from the national historical museum meet a local woman with an exquisite golden necklace find by she husband while plough with his tractor . the couple be unaware of the origin of the jewel and cooperate with the archaeologist .
14 to ensure hawkmoon s loyalty a black jewel be insert in his forehead this jewel will relay hawkmoon s sight back to londra and will eat his brain should hawkmoon attempt treachery . before he depart hawkmoon be grant an audience with the immortal king-emperor of granbretan .
23 count brass realize the nature of the black jewel and by physical and sorcerous means manage to capture the life force of the jewel render it safe . the reprieve be only temporary but brass inform hawkmoon that a sorcerer from the east call malagigi of hamadan may possess the power to remove the jewel if hawkmoon can find he in time .
54 count brass realize the nature of the black jewel and by physical and sorcerous means manage to capture the life force of the jewel render it safe . the reprieve be only temporary but brass inform hawkmoon that a sorcerer from the east call malagigi of hamadan may possess the power to remove the jewel if hawkmoon can find he in time .
57 meliadus be later presume dead though his body be nowhere to be find . queen frawbra s force succeed in recapture the city with frawbra kill she brother nahak . malagigi be finally persuade to help hawkmoon and succeed in draw out the life in the black jewel though hawkmoon elect to continue to wear the inactive jewel in his forehead as a symbol of hatred . the warrior in jet and gold inform hawkmoon that he be a servant of the runestaff though hawkmoon dismiss this as a legend . queen frawbra offer marriage to hawkmoon but he refuse and accompany by oladahn begin the return journey to kamarg and yisselda .
12 after the superhuman registration act be pass thor girl interfere in a jewel theft undertake by the grey gargoyle a previous foe of hers and pummel the villain prevent the jewel heist in the process . in return the grey gargoyle undertake a law suit with the assistance of mallory book at the superhuman law offices of goodman lieber kurtzberg and holliway .
30 after the superhuman registration act be pass thor girl interfere in a jewel theft undertake by the grey gargoyle a previous foe of hers and pummel the villain prevent the jewel heist in the process . in return the grey gargoyle undertake a law suit with the assistance of mallory book at the superhuman law offices of goodman lieber kurtzberg and holliway .
67 the emperor present he with 700 measure of silver object and bestow the title of precious religious king great loving one of the west mighty buddha of peace . he also give he a material representation of the famous and ethereal vajra crown which be say to be invisible to all except those of most pure spirit . it be weave in black brocade and stud with jewel . brown mick . 2004 .
16 multan pakistan boast of have some of the oldest mosque which be once consider as the jewel of the city . these mosque now remind we of the glorious past of multan as it be govern by muslims for more than a thousand year . here be the more famous one that still exist in multan today .
13 the hood voiced by jess harnell a criminal want for loan sharking smuggling jewel heist and other crime . his true identity be lawrence lorenzo who be hire to be the police chief . hood and his henchman be plan to kidnap mayor tilton at the coco bongo club and lt . kellaway be appoint to head up the stakeout with his visit mother attend .
26 mesmer the goat be an agent work for of dr. robotnik with a talent for hypnosis . he use a large staff with a ruby red jewel to control a whole village into think that they be worshipper of an ancient sun goddess as a test of his power in the knuckles the echidna story village of the damned stc 85-86 .
82 it feature eleven new song a cover of the door waiting for the sun watched over by crows an older song that exist prior to the release angels in the flesh and devils in the bone and a new recording of alcoholic which previously appear only as a radio edit on danny boy plus three . the first release of burning sosobra be a limited edition fold-out cardboard case with liner note insert inside . all subsequent release have be in a jewel case .
52 the romanesque church of san secondo di cortazzone be locate on the hill of the last about a kilometre west of the main centre of population . date from the eleventh century it be regard as one of the most significant example of medieval architecture in the basso monferrato . this architectural jewel be worth a visit by itself . it be include in a well know tourist route call percorso del romanico astigiano together with vezzolano abbey and san nazario celso chapel in montechiaro d'asti among other .
95 thirty year later vicki carpenter wendy lyon be a high school student who after be deny a new prom dress by she overly-religious mother virginia judy mahbey go look for something to wear in the school prop room . while search vicki find an old trunk contain mary lou s prom queen accessory she cape sash ring and crown and take they release mary lou s hell-bound spirit . after vicki leave mary lou s clothes in the art room after school vicki s friend jess browning beth gondek find they and after wedge a jewel out of the crown be attack by an unseen force . hung from a light by mary lou s cape jess be subsequently defenestrate . jess s death be deem a suicide cause by she despair over she recent discovery that she be pregnant .
79 while the vast majority of prosonic be ship with the standard black tolex cover some of the initial custom shop run be finish in red and seafoam green pebble tolex call lizard-skin by fender . approximately 300 be make in red and 500 be make in seafoam green . the look of the amplifier borrow simultaneously from several era of vintage fender design black chicken-head pointer knob as use on circa 1950s tweed amp and the silver grill cloth jewel lamp and black control plate as use during the black face period mid-1960 . green tolex model come with green jewel lamp red tolex model come with a red one .
65 approximately 300 be make in red and 500 be make in seafoam green . the look of the amplifier borrow simultaneously from several era of vintage fender design black chicken-head pointer knob as use on circa 1950s tweed amp and the silver grill cloth jewel lamp and black control plate as use during the black face period mid-1960 . green tolex model come with green jewel lamp red tolex model come with a red one .
16 she hear sheep and hope to find refuge . she find a great ram adorn with jewel hold court . it make she welcome . the splendor of its home which seem inhabit by sheep and ghost terrify she .
40 schedule update tv performances magazines ayumi hamasaki sekai the main promotional track of the album be jewel which be perform live on japanese tv eleven time three time in which a special orchestra version of the song be perform . jewel be also release as a ringtone where it go on to be certify triple platinum mean it be downloaded over 750,000 time . japanese 社団法人 日本レコード協会｜各種統計 1 love be also perform once . hamasaki be feature on the cover of seven japanese magazine during the promotion of secret .
0 jewel be use in a commercial for panasonic s lumix fx07 digital camera . hamasaki appear in the commercial wear a traditional japanese wedding gown as well as various coloured cocktail dress . it be also use in a mu-mo advertisement .
7 # blue bird # beautiful fighter # jewel # 1 love # momentum
7 # blue bird # beautiful fighter # jewel # 1 love # momentum
27 the ep be quite rare but not nearly as rare as other verve ep such as voyager 1 . the cd version be issue in a full jewel case picture sleeve . the band picture on the front cover of the ep be use in the second page of the urban hymns sleeve booklet .
90 “luis meléndez” eleanor tufts p . 10 luis be a year old when his father who have be a soldier in a spanish garrison and live abroad for almost two decade return to madrid with the family . luis egidio his brother josé agustín and ana one of his sister begin their career under the tutelage of their father who be appoint the king’s painter of miniatures in 1725 . “the majesty of spain” jana martin edit p . 76 after several year in his word painting royal portrait in jewel and bracelet to serve as gift for envoy and ambassador he enter the workshop of louis michel van loo 1707-1771 a frenchman who have be make royal painter of philip v of spain . between 1737 to 1742 meléndez work as a part of a team of artist dedicate to copying van loo s prototype of royal portrait for the domestic and overseas market but at least he have a foothold in the palace . he have his artistic sight on a distinguished career as a court painter .
0 jewel be a 1968 album by waylon jennings on rca victor .
12 aftermath adilshahi force lose their artillery 65 elephant 4000 horse 1200 camel jewel worth 300,000 rupees 1,000,000 rupees heap of precious cloth tent to the marathas . they also lose their money and grain store at wai .
25 light but strong it nulify beam weapon change the beam into power . they each have different colour and effect . many be name after jewel .
9 after the film s hero be frame for a jewel heist willenholly arrive to investigate the lesser crime that involve the two in the theft of an orangutan name susanne from the provasic animal test facility . willenholly along with a slew of utah state police officer the lead play by brat pack member judd nelson catch the three at the local arena diner . when jay and bob come out with susanne dress as a child they claim that he be their gay love child .
62 there he receive information that jay and bob be go to hollywood . he end up on miramax studio search for the two and have a few near fatal mishap on the way . when willenholly find the two on the set of the bluntman and chronic movie he engage in a shootout with the female gang that actually pull off the jewel heist . after knock out the three other member of the gang the fourth member justice shannon elizabeth give willenholly the diamond confess to the heist and ask for a reduced sentence so that she could get off to be with jay . willenholly hope it will boost his career agree .
33 he issue with the greatest pesonality in slovakia the record name silvester 68 . the song pichni of the album be write and sing by himself . the album belong to the serious jewel of slovak aristic production .
36 it have be note by over 100 domestic and international publications/journalists as one the greatest albums ever . this limited 40th anniversary edition cd+dvd be package in a unique fuzzy digipak . also available in regular jewel box version . the cd include both the original mono and remix stereo version . dvd video feature the make of pet sound behind-the-scenes documentary feature interview with brian wilson mike love al jardine dennis wilson carl wilson bruce johnston and tony asher .
82 a double album chocolate chip cookies be originally release in a unique paper bag package similar to a cookie bag with labelling that closely resemble the design of a chips ahoy bag . several week after the album s release nabisco threaten the band with a copyright infringement lawsuit and in response the band recall all unsold copy of the album hold a bonfire in toronto s high park to burn the cookie bag package and rerelease the album in a conventional jewel case .
64 barbe-bleue have give she seven key to his treasure chamber the six silver one she be permit to use but the seventh golden key be forbid . ariane say this be the only key which matter and go to look for the seventh door while she nurse open the other . the nurse turn the lock in the first door and a cascade of jewel and other treasure spill out . the second door reveal a shower of sapphire the third a deluge of pearl the fourth a waterfall of emerald the fifth a tragic torrent of ruby and the sixth avalanches of gigantic diamond . the sixth door also reveal the vault contain the seventh to ariane .
26 barbe-bleue be nowhere to be see . ariane be certain they will soon be liberate . she help the other wife to decorate themselves with the jewel from the six door . the nurse enter and tell they barbe-bleue be on his way . they look through the window only to see barbe-bleue s carriage ambush by rebel peasant .
49 the album be dedicate to former bass player chuck valle who be kill in a knife relate incident in 1994 . his picture appear on the back page of the cd inlay and a picture of a tattoo inscribed with the word in memory of chuck appear on the jewel case inlay .
55 this do not bode well for the two child who possess the coin american tourist ronnie and pickpocket salim . as emil continue on his murderous rampage the two must avoid he while also protect the coin . the film be film in israel and have the same style as romance the stone and the jewel of the nile .
54 the honorary president of the association be m. foch . the association be situate at 7 rue de la dalbade in toulouse fr although correspondence could also be send to chateau de brassac tarn fr . to strengthen the society pope pius pié xi give a gift 1924 in the form of a precious jewel broche . other know generous donor be baron joseph de saint-vincent at chateau las lanès fontcouverte aude fr . la brindille d'or later inspire the formation of little brothers of the poor les petite frères des pauvres .
83 through his first decree of privilege of march 25 1545 he maintain in their function and even promote four high official of his predecessor . a chronicle relate that two week after his installation he order that a number of boyar be kill include coadă the vornic internal affair minister radul the comi stroe the spătar second-in-command of the military and vintilă also a comi . the chronicle also mention that they be torture so that they would reveal where the money and jewel be hide so that these could be pour into the treasury . follow this massacre some of the wealthiest boyar and the relative of those kill go into exile in transylvania and hungary where they come together and try twice to depose he from the throne .
75 nancy s search for clue to the weird mystery begin in the mansion s dark musty attic which precipitate a frightening chain of event . first nancy be knocked-out when a case fall on she head.a phone call from a stranger with a witchlike cackle voice warn she to get out next nancy and she friend venture into a hay loft and find a life-sized puppet of a witch . an encounter with two suspected jewel thief add yet another perplexing angle to the puzzle .
72 although he be sometimes involve in long project such as remaster the entire back catalogue of rush dire straits creedence clearwater revival and the rolling stones murphy steve . pro audio review . . ludwig cite his most musically satisfying project as the cd reissue of music from big pink the band there be a riot goin on sly and the family stone lead zeppelin ii painted from memory bacharach costello spirit jewel loreena mckennitt ancient voices of children george crumb augie alexander .
52 the poem be parody in 1872 by arthur clement hilton then a student at cambridge in his poem octopus which substitute the character of the lady of pain for that of the titular mollusc . where swinburne begin his poem in describe the lady of pain cold eyelid that hide like a jewel | hard eye that grow soft for an hour hilton begin strange beauty eight-limbed and eight-handed | whence camest to dazzle our eye .
38 similar representation be also find in tomb . these figurine be of variable size perhaps to indicate the age of the dead child . indeed the habit be to bury the dead accompany by object of daily custom jewel comb figurine for the woman weapon and strigil for the man figurine and toy for the child . figurine be often voluntarily break before be place in the tomb .
67 the magazine use a combination of photo and drawing to illustrate the article such as picture of ship stagecoach old gun such as musket and six-shooter gunfight old building and animal . the animal mainly include snake and scorpion crawl about in or on box and chest . some chest have be damage by theft and/or by the element expose their contents often gold silver coin and/or jewel and gold and/or silver ingot . other picture include outlaw pirate and lawmen such as wyatt earp and bat masterson . the illustration be usually do in pencil or charcoal and some be copy of oil or watercolor illustration .
46 as polyandry be not consider a virtue this go well with the story . on the other hand to please his king he refer to arjuna with the title of arikesari at some place . the title ‘chalukya vamshodbhavam’ of the chalukya clan and ‘samanta choodamani’ jewel among the feudatory among other to the greatest archer of the world from the kuru clan do not seem to go well . after the war of kurukshetra it be not yudhishtira who be crown king but arjuna and his wife subhadra become the queen royal . it be say that bhima who play such a big role in vyasa s epic and draupadi who suffer much humiliation be not give much credit in pampa s work .
16 the film star audrey hepburn as the baroness caroline dulac who find herself involve in a jewel heist scheme with mike chambers robert wagner a con man who leave she wonder who to trust . meanwhile the couple be pursue by spicer jerry orbach a hired thug assign to retrieve the loot .
75 due to the fact that at the time of that game s release nether funimation nor atari have secure rights to the composition by the anime s composer shunsuke kikuchi which be use in that game . the cut use appear to have rip straight from this album as the instrumentation do not loop as it do in the budokai game . like the previous soundtrack z z 2 the back of the album s jewel case feature track listing in both japanese as well as english . but the english be not direct translation but instead the name that be give when the game be release as budokai 3. the theme song ore wa tokoton tomaranai be only present in this collection its tv size version as it be hear at the beginning of the game . fortunately the full version of this song be release as a single couple with budokai 2 s opening theme kusuburu heart nus hi o tsukero also perform by kageyama .
23 the translation of this mantra be praise be to the unfailing all-pervasive illumination of the great mudra or seal of the buddha the jewel the lotus and the radiant light turn or exist in our world . it be believe in shingon buddhism that if one chant this mantra without ego and with sincere devotion and clarity of mind vairocana buddha will place his seal upon the chanter thus dispel all ignorance and delusion .
20 twenty-five episode have be make . these be the katzenheimer kaper karate kat and his comrade attempt to solve a jewel heist . the sardine turnover kaper big papa lose the pearl on his tie as seek help from the mc claw detective agency . the mousemobile kaper big papa and his gang steal a luxury car and attempt to sell in three separate part .
64 as the job get rarer edmond hall would even have play for little as $ 50 just to play . but his wife winnie do not let he unless the offer be at least $ 70–$ 75 . by then hall be semi retire and would show up unexpectedly at a near by pub call bovi s tavern where a local band tomasso his jewel of dixiland would play to join they . accord to tomasso they never know when hall would show up and hall do that for a period of about six month without any contract and for free just to play and get his kicks out of it . april 29 1966 be the eight annual south shore jazz concert with hall and doc cheatham as the star .
12 # wilco muzzle of bees # tight phantomz ninja talk # freakwater jewel # red eyed legends je m'appelle macho # tortoise salt the skies
26 they be monotheist and disdainful of alcohol . it be imply to be equivalent of the muslim world . it be capitol be haifolex or the jewel of the desert .
6 all for love barchester chronicle the jewel in crown the strangers and brothers
109 this be an extension to the provision of the responsibility of shipowners act 1733 as the case of sutton v. mitchell 1785 1 t.r. 18 have highlight that the 1733 act would give no protection to shipowner where a ship be rob without the collusion of the crew . section ii provide that the liability of the owner in case of fire be entirely remove a reaction to forward v. pittard 1785 i t.r. 27 where a shipowner have be hold liable for loss from an accidental fire . section iii provide that the shipowner be under no liability at all in the case of steal valuable gold silver jewel watch etc. unless the bill of lade clearly state their nature quality and value . fletcher pp . 175-176 .
11 the initial release of this album feature a lenticular cover and jewel case that show the baby s limb move and shoot a beam at other plane on the cover . the song they come in be feature on the soundtrack to mission impossible ii .
56 live @ adelphia be an ep release by the cat empire after be record live in one day at adelphia studios melbourne . it be record and mix by angelo andrianakis and master at crystal mastering . there be two different pressing of the album an initial official press of 100 copy in a full height jewel case and a second press of another 100 copy by the band themselves in slimline case .
94 one striking image of mercury from the wembley show would be regularly use for promotional purpose e .g . the tribute concert poster the memorial statue at montreux the cover of the greatest hits iii album the musical billboard . throughout the tour mercury would regularly make an impromptu statement on stage that denounce the rumour that queen be about to split up . as god save the queen play over the pa system at the end of each show mercury would come on stage wear a cloak and a replica of the crown jewel . after this tour queen be credit as be one of the first rock act to employ the over-sized screen or jumbotron at live concert . many of the show be record and a heavily edit album title live magic be release shortly afterwards .
54 she work closely together for many year with she senior colleague karl h. von wiegand . be praise for she extraordinary beauty and wit and the intelligence and flair with which she article be write lady grace be a well-known and respected journalist of she time . at she funeral she wear a precious jewel that be give to she by the ethopian emperor haile selassie .
22 the city be quickly rebuild at the expense of the pope and the king of france and england which make it a jewel of seventeenth-century urbanism and the republic live an ephemeral revival . the treaty of passarowitz of 1718 first recognize the full independence but on the other increase the tax to be pay at the gate stare at 12.500 ducat .
79 upon be inform of the child s birth vikramabāhu i in polonnaruwa order that the boy be bring up as the heir to his throne . this kind of adoption may have be an olive branch of sort on the part of vikramabāhu who wish to keep the throne until his death after which it would be pass on to parākramabāhu . manabharana however reject the offer state that it be not prudent ... to send away such a jewel of a son . he also speculate that ...if the boy be take thither the party of vikkamabahu... will gleam with mighty up-shooting flame but our misfortune alas so great will become still worse culavamsa chapter lxii 62–67 the schism that exist between the royal clan of sri lanka be too deep to allow for this manner of accommodation .
29 follow the crush of queen sugala s rebellion in 1157 parākramabāhu have the tooth relic and the alms bowl relic bring to polonnaruwa the former be place inside a jewel in the temple of the tooth relic in polonnaruwa . culavamsa lxxiv 220–245 such construction become a hallmark of parākramabāhu s reign his building for the sangha be describe in great detail in the culavamsa and comprise an impressive body of work often accompany with inscription state his intention and accomplishment such as at the gal vihare . wickramasinghe epigraphica zeylonica vol .
50 as loraan turn his attention back to morrolan vlad stab he in the back . morrolan and vlad flee back to dzur mountain . there sethra and morrolan inform vlad that the staff they steal contain the soul of aliera morrolan s cousin who be trap in the staff s jewel during adron s disaster . they ask vlad to journey into the paths of the dead and rescue she soul from the lords of judgment . vlad agree on the vindictive condition that morrolan accompany he know that morrolan be even less likely to escape than himself .
72 in the elevator venus pray which the detective remark will do he little good . while the elevator music play high hopes a police officer board with a suspect a man with a remarkable resemblance to venus while venus continue to pray the suspect and jessica gaze at each other nervously clearly recognize each other . notice this the detective question the officer about his charge and learn he be a know jewel thief . as high hopes reach its crescendo the detective realize the true state of affair stare at venus and can only whisper to himself oh my goodness .. . venus be clear of all charge .
13 and ere a year of misery have pass above my head . that jewel i treasure so have tarnish and be dead . that be why i take to drink boy . why i never see you smile
47 in high school plunkett now realize that there be something different about himself after his session with the school psychologist seek out some means of ground himself psychologically . he become obsess with a series of pulp comic and fixate on the main villain shroud shifter a jewel thief obsess with become invisible . plunkett come to the conclusion that his own goal should become invisibility in the sense that he can move through life as nondescript as possible .
50 mani wall in zanskar.mani wall along the path of region under the influence of tibetan buddhism the traveller be often confront with mani wall . these stone structure be a compilation of exquisitely carve stone tablet most with the inscription om mani padme hum which translate to hail to the jewel in the lotus . these wall should be pass or circumvent from the left side the clockwise direction in which the earth and the universe revolve accord to buddhist doctrine .
42 buddhism divide itself very early in two main movement mahayana and theravada . in course of time in buddhism appear many subgroup and the first bigger be vajra-yana or diamond way . vajra diamond be relate to brightness of the most precious jewel in nature by which be denote a spiritual way to perfection in this kind of buddhist teaching . vajrayana represent for buddhist of the 1st century a new revelation in buddha s doctrine . in the script kalacakra-tantra it be recounted that king sucandra go to buddha and ask he for a kind of yoga that could save man from kali-yuga present age of dispute and decadence in human history .
30 till he come to old stratford thence to stepney the isle of leutha s dog thence thro the narrow of the river s side and see every minute particular the jewel of albion run down the kennels of the street and lane as if they be abhorr d every universal form be become barren mountain of moral
9 from cacioppo cianciulli reportedly receive 50,000 lira and assorted jewel .
13 legrand band legrand company a french producer of hardware for electrical installation legrand jewel a hong kong-based jewellery manufacturer legrand california former name of le grand californiasee also le grand
13 the trap that fail 1915 the flag of fortune 1915 the $ 50,000 jewel theft 1915 the sheriff of red rock gulch 1915 the tam o shanter 1915
13 the trap that fail 1915 the flag of fortune 1915 the $ 50,000 jewel theft 1915 the sheriff of red rock gulch 1915 the tam o shanter 1915
9 writer life s maelstrom 1916 scenario the $ 50,000 jewel theft 1915 ethel s burglar 1915 scenario the hopes of blind alley 1914 story
72 the ring belong to the cardinalitial dignity be confer by the pope himself in the consistory in which the new cardinal be name to a particular title . it be formerly set with a sapphire while it bear on the inner side of the bezel the arm of the pope confer it . modern cardinalatial ring be gold with a scene of the crucifiction of jesus work in metal and without a jewel . the privilege of wear a ring have belong to cardinal-priest since the time of innocent iii or earlier see sägmüller thatigkeit und stellung der cardinale 163 .
73 lollards and black fox fur in 1413 richard colfox together with sir john oldcastle a lead religious moderniser or lollard in close contact with jan hus a prominent religious reformer in bohemia by then due to the harz silver mine at the centre of the trade route sell to the king a brooch for a certain great sum of money and of which 400 marks remain unpaid in an era when the crown jewel have be pawn for only 2,000 mark . the patent roll be not clear if this fornaculum or primaculum be a brooch a buckle or a furnace perhaps a salt furnace at nantwich .
56 while a researcher of familiar she do not have one of she own during magical girl lyrical nanoha and she weapon be unnamed . precia first appear in episode 7 have previously be mention as the reason that fate be gather jewel seed . she be abusive and cruel torturing fate simply for not get enough jewel seed and not dispose of potential hindrance nanoha . precia supervise fate s winner-takes-all fight with nanoha and when fate lose precia send a storm to attack fate and steal she jewel seed before she can give they away .
41 alicia be precia s biological daughter . they live a happy life until alicia die at the age of eight drive she mother insane . precia preserve alicia s body in a glass tank and dedicate she life to obtain the jewel seed which could lead she to al hazard the legendary place that could restore she daughter . use alicia s dna precia create a clone call fate to gather the jewel for she . fate implant with alicia s memory be abuse to no end by she mother but remain painfully loyal until the truth be discover .
65 they live a happy life until alicia die at the age of eight drive she mother insane . precia preserve alicia s body in a glass tank and dedicate she life to obtain the jewel seed which could lead she to al hazard the legendary place that could restore she daughter . use alicia s dna precia create a clone call fate to gather the jewel for she . fate implant with alicia s memory be abuse to no end by she mother but remain painfully loyal until the truth be discover . in the end alicia s body fall into the volcano with precia .
76 tension mount between the pair although venables have a few player leave his side be vastly underachieve with the quality at his disposal he choose to leave out the likes of olivier dacourt and david batty who have be two of leeds star player in the year prior after a string of poor result and leed in the bottom half of the table and poor relation between chairman and manager strain mainly due to the crown jewel jonathan woodgate be sell despire re-assurance he would remain at leeds this eventually result in the sacking of venables who be replace by peter reid . during this time ridsdale have resign from the leeds board and be replace by exist non-executive director professor john mckenzie . by this time leeds be in danger of relegation but reid save leed from the drop in the penultimate game of the season .
53 dhammacakkappavattana sutta discourse on set the wheel of dhamma in motion sn 56.11 thanissaro 1993 . recollect see for instance the muluposatha sutta an 3.70 thanissaro 1997b regard uposatha-specific recollection and thanissaro 1999 for the general buddhist practice of recollection . in the muluposatha sutta the buddha recommend practice recollection of the three jewel as well as of one own virtue silum and of the wholesome quality that lead to rebirth as a deva . in this sutta if one spend the uposatha engage in such a recollection then that uposatha acquire the name of the recollection such as dhamma-uposatha or virtue-uposatha . or give in some special way .
68 lorne kavan smith and a squadron of f-302 be send to temporarily block the beam use a large moon fragment so that shield power can be redirect into the stardrive . however the beam resume as the city lift off briefly graze the central tower before the shield can be restore . weir be severely injure and be take to the infirmary by beckett s replacement jennifer keller jewel staite . atlantis jump into hyperspace but the stardrive unexpectedly shut down well before they reach their destination . mckay realize that they be maroon in deep space with only 24 hour before the shield run out of power and the city s occupant be expose to space .
61 later saxby go up to he office to inform blofeld that shady tree be dead he then tell his boss to turn on one of the camera watch 007 . blofeld simply command saxby to just get i the diamond . a few day later bert hire a person to steal the diamond that spectre need to complete their project from jewel smuggler tiffany case s locker at the mccarren international airport . the hired person take the diamond to saxby in a ford minibus who then deliver they to professor doctor metz at a gas station . he be shoot and kill by cia agent while attempt to assassinate willard whyte while take cover behind a rock with a sniper rifle when whyte be be rescue by bond and the cia .
15 genet have one famous granddaughter actress and singer q'orianka kilcher and be uncle to singer jewel kilcher commonly know as jewel genet be also the father of taras genet who be the youngest boy to summit mt.mckinley climb it at the age of twelve .
6 summary interior view of palace of jewel license
2 summary some jewel exhibit in the museum of jewel alexandria egypt . license
8 summary some jewel exhibit in the museum of jewel alexandria egypt . license
2 summary some jewel exhibit in the museum of jewel alexandria egypt . license
8 summary some jewel exhibit in the museum of jewel alexandria egypt . license
9 summary a golden plate exhibit in the museum of jewel alexandria egypt . license
4 michael hedges bert jansch jewel kalai nic jones
34 airborne version of these medal will follow any slave wingman or player ship when they graze bullet . airborne medal in contact with another will combine grow larger and increase in point value . jewel medal be initially worth 100 point and 2,048,000 point in the largest form .
19 # flood by jars of clay # count blue car by dishwalla # you be meant for i by jewel # comedown by bush # the old apartment by barenaked ladies
22 later that night kris find mr. wood in the kitchen surround by a pile of food from the fridge and also she jewel . lindy come down and see kris freeze in shock at the sight and before they can clean it all up mrs. powell come downstairs . already grouchy since mr. powell be away on business in portland she threaten to take away both their doll if they do not quit pretend that one of their doll be evil .
69 she emigrate to the united states and settle in queens new york city in the mid-1970 where she begin she career in drug smuggling . after be indict in new york blanco flee to miami where she expand she operation and develop a reputation for be bloodthirsty eccentric and a ruthless businesswoman . she be well know for absolute extravagance and be a regular collector of fine art and jewel . she be know to favor haute couture .
54 little be know of she career although she appear to have be successful and to have do a fair amount of work . she work be know for their high quality and sophisticated style . godfrey describe herself on trade card as goldsmith silversmith and jeweller who make and sell all sort of plate jewel and watch in the newest taste at the most reasonable rate . she patron include a number of noble and their family most notably the duke of cumberland .
76 sriman narayanan along with his consort appear in his dream and say o villi do not grieve . we will get back your brother s life . he then mention about his previous appearance as vatapatrasayus in sayana thirukolam under the foot of the banyan tree and say that there be a cave near a huge banyan tree where his moorthy(statue have be lie for a long time .there be also lot of gold coin and jewel near that place . he then instruct villus to use the money in deforest the place and build a village with a temple after install the statue in the temple .
20 the fly-whisk be one of the traditional symbol of buddhist monastic hierarchy in china and japan along with the khakkhara jewel scepter and beg bowl . the fly-whisk in buddhism represent the symbolic sweeping of ignorance and mental affliction .
8 birkhäuser 2008 . isbn 978-3-7643-8707-5 . razvan diaconescu jewel of institution-independent model theory . in k. futatsugi j.-p jouannaud j. meseguer eds . algebra meaning and computation .
22 in the sengoku era she be reunite with kagome and the other . something strange happen though . she touch a sacred jewel shard and it melt into she body . accord to monk sen janis possess a divine power call kamuitama and say that she be the daughter of kamui . the shard inside janis be even undetectable by kagome .
27 vivian have come to salem at lawrence s suggestion believe that john black be a man name romulus an international thief who have pull off a grand jewel heist at one of the alamain s party in 1984 . a particular piece that be steal be an alamain heirloom a locket that they want back . vivian throw a masquerade ball at wings make it look just like the one eight year ago to jog john s memory and to prove he be romulus .
62 during the course of their investigation the trio learn about a mysterious woman ramsey be keep hide away in his high-rise penthouse tend to by a private nurse . john become convince that this woman be key to unravel the mystery behind ramsey s double dealings . as it happen john s suspicion be correct ramsey mastermind the theft of the crown jewel of mendorra from lindsay rappaport s art gallery in order to fence they and pay for his houseguest s costly medical care . it become clear that the mystery woman be not merely bedridden but also mentally impaired due to she unknown ailment . meanwhile john s curiosity deepen when he discover x-ray in ramsey s office which detail the severe physical trauma of an unidentified female patient .
21 ramsey be work with con artist tina lord the crown princess of mendorra who he plan to sell the mendorran crown jewel to in order to provide for the crippled marty s medical treatment . during an exchange between ramsey and tina for the jewel two thug hire by jonas chamberlain enter the penthouse . while tina hide in another room ramsey be murder by the two thug who be then shoot and kill by john when he arrive on the scene .
44 ramsey be work with con artist tina lord the crown princess of mendorra who he plan to sell the mendorran crown jewel to in order to provide for the crippled marty s medical treatment . during an exchange between ramsey and tina for the jewel two thug hire by jonas chamberlain enter the penthouse . while tina hide in another room ramsey be murder by the two thug who be then shoot and kill by john when he arrive on the scene . seize the opportunity tina flee the penthouse distract john from go upstairs and find marty .
16 when the spaniards overran the camp of the boholanos they destroy 1,000 house and steal various jewel of silver and gold . these be give to the cebuano and pampago soldier of the expedition . abatan river cruise a travel through history part 3 www.boholchronicle .com
48 sharpe fire the cannon at the troops let the gold fall down to they . he then shoot further treasure progressively further away lead the neapolitan to break rank and move away from the route to the sea . the french and riflemen load up the more valuable jewel and make a run for the boat drag duco along with they .
32 although briefly return to providence to assist the island s defense against spanish attack in 1636 axe have a successful privateering career deliver a capture prize with a cargo include gold silver jewel indigo and cochineal as he return to england in may 1640 .
47 though bear in virginia bingham grow up and live in missouri . famed for his depiction of everyday life on the river flow through and along the state as well for his portraiture one of his most famous work be general order no. 11 . a crown jewel of the society s collection the painting depict the forced removal of missourian from western county during the civil war by the general order of union general thomas ewing . the collection of bingham s artwork own by the society represent one of the largest in the nation . missouri state historical society site on art collection .
55 between luster and earth and presumably between other world lie a realm of light in all the color of the visible spectrum . because this realm be sometimes use as a place to which exile be send example include the wanderer it be call the rainbow prison . it be accessible by means of certain jewel which correspond in color to individual shaft of the prison .
17 issue # 06 the cat s prizesynopsis catwoman and a group of thief attempt to steal a jewel and now batman must stop they . date february 9 2005 written by
8 summary movie poster for the 1985 film the jewel of the nile .
5 fair use rationale for the jewel of the nile # for an article about a film the original poster be arguably one of the most important image that could be include . # no free or public domain image have be locate for this film .
41 giovanni medici be a famous patron of art . he have the villa medici a fiesole build by michelozzo michelozzi but probably in collaboration with giovanni s friend leon battista alberti . he have a large collection of sculpture coin manuscript jewel musical instrument and other material . artists who work for he include mino da fiesole desiderio da settignano donatello domenico veneziano filippo lippi and pesellino .
29 dracula s income tax be due and he have to get some money . when night come helen decide to call it a day . dracula steal helen s jewel . helen be ticklish on the neck wake up scream and tell a young man about what happen . he want to see a ghost but get catch and his blood be suck by dracula .
40 they defeat the villager to gain their money . when their man capture yuki sho have to idaten battle yoko for she freedom . despite the difficulty on the sand dune sho beat yoko when she bike overlay with expensive jewel fall apart . they reappear to help the other adult member of team st into prevent sho from reach gabu . they be defeat by koei and arrest by the x-zone police captain prior to the black smoke send they to earth .
41 on board the koombana be a broome resident and pearl dealer abraham de vahl davies who have just purchase a famous black pearl call the roseate pearle for £20,000 . legend have seven of the previous owner die after acquire the jewel . beatty bill . a treasury of australian folk tale and tradition sydney 1960 . abc interview with grandson of pearl owner
74 the rural town of heltant be at the westernmost tip of vyseus and be plague by the black dragon amurtaat . the viscount of heltant request the king to send a royal dragon white cathselprime to defeat amurtaat . however cathselprime be defeat and most of the expeditionary force include the lord of heltant and the father of hoochie the main character be take hostage amurtaat demand 100,000 cell unit of money worth of jewel for ransom . thus a party comprising of karl heltant the viscount of heltant s half-brother hoochie nedval the main protagonist who be the son of the town s candlemaker and sanson percival the captain of heltant s guards take off to the vyseus impel the capital to report the result of the expedition and ask for aid in pay ransom .
9 the party reach the capital only to discover that jewel be in very short supply . they find out that dwarf who mine jewel and provide they to human society be refuse to enter some of the mine because they hear sound of a dragon s awakening . it be the sound of chradmesor the crimson dragon which almost destroy the vyseus kingdom before enter hibernation two decade ago .
23 the party reach the capital only to discover that jewel be in very short supply . they find out that dwarf who mine jewel and provide they to human society be refuse to enter some of the mine because they hear sound of a dragon s awakening . it be the sound of chradmesor the crimson dragon which almost destroy the vyseus kingdom before enter hibernation two decade ago . so the party decide to find a dragon raja those with innate talent to communicate with the dragon to quell chradmesor s wrath and obtain their ransom .
43 in 1492 christopher columbus be argue with the king of spain whether the world be round or flat . eventually the king kick columbus out of his palace . then queen isabella of castille speak to columbus from a window offer he she jewel if he can prove the world be round . bugs bunny emerge from his rabbit hole tell columbus that he can prove that the world be round . he take out a baseball and glove and throw the ball “around the world . ”
48 as a street rat he wear a red fez on his head a purple vest without a shirt and white billowing pants . he be barefoot . pretend to be prince ali ababwa he wear a white outfit with match turban-style head wrap adorn with a feather and jewel .
50 they escape and terrorize the hotel except for jacquard who be urinate everywhere due to the water torture he undergo . jaquouille and godefory go to ginette who try to turn in the ruby for money and instead be beat up . cousin hubert s ex wife cora have the jewel she tell they . they go to cora s house and take the jewel . in the morning they go to montmirail where a wedding be take place .
43 jaquouille and godefory go to ginette who try to turn in the ruby for money and instead be beat up . cousin hubert s ex wife cora have the jewel she tell they . they go to cora s house and take the jewel . in the morning they go to montmirail where a wedding be take place . they create havoc at the wedding by pour ice cream into a woman s cleavage and use a plunger to destroy the police chief s hat .
12 imagesmain facadecartoucheover front entrancedetail of cartouchesign over side door.door moldingwindowsother louis sullivan jewel box farmers and merchants bank columbus wisconsin 1919 henry adams building algona iowa 1913
28 two compact disc caddie some early cd-rom drive use a mechanism where cd have to be insert into special cartridge or caddie somewhat similar in appearance to a jewel case . although the idea behind this—a tougher plastic shell to protect the disc from damage—was sound it do not gain wide acceptance among disc manufacturer . drive that use the caddy format require bare disc to be place into a caddy before use make they less convenient to use .
50 the treatise also present an overview of the evolution of mosque architecture in the world in general and pakistan in particular . lahore – a glorious heritage second edition 2006 isbn 969-35-0718-5 there be few book on lahore still fewer by professional who have the first hand feel of its jewel . the present effort to put together the splendour of lahore in this book be therefore rare and commendable . on one hand it deal admirably in discern with the evolutionary period while on the other individual monument and architectural accomplishment have be deal with clarity .
27 victory to you mother karnataka the daughter of mother india hail the land of beautiful river and forest hail the abode of saint you be a new jewel in the crown of goddess earth mine of beautiful gold and sandal . victory to you mother karnataka the daughter of mother india where rama and krishna have their incarnation .
51 rowland s design for the buhl building 1925 include a gothic revival design with a clever blend of romanesque accent . noted example of art deco include rowland s greater penobscot building 1928 and guardian building 1929 zacharias pat march 10 2001 . the guardian building have long be the crown jewel in the detroit skyline . michigan history the detroit news . retrieve on november 23 2007 .
50 six rebel group vie with one another destroy their entire food supply . the zealot threaten death to anyone who wish to leave the city . if one do manage to escape they face the roman army and their mercenary who would either eviscerate they look for swallow gold or jewel or crucify they . the hill around jerusalem be deforest due to the number of cross be erect for crucifixion .
45 she guilt that she have leave he behind prevent she from tell she friend of the baby s existence . perry and pleshakov p . 259 maria be reunite with she brother dmitri in london . she first year of exile be finance by the jewel she have have smuggle to sweden before escape russia . she later open a quality sewing and textile shop call kitmir in paris become a successful entrepreneur in the parisian fashion industry . she also write she memoirs of grow up in russia .
61 to prove its efficiency and safety he decide to serve as the very first guinea-pig for its maiden voyage . however by the time the machine return he be not anywhere inside . the only thing that return with it be a talk parrot along with a large gemstone call the dynamond ダイナモンド which be seemingly the most powerful and valuable jewel in the world .
14 with william knight the buccaneer raid the coastal settlement of peru take £25,000 in jewel and silver from sana in march 1686 . although later raid yield smaller wealth 39 african slave be liberate from paita and later join the expedition . raid five more town between the month of may and june many priest and official be kill attempt to hide the city s treasury until the defender of pisco agree to pay £5,000 in ransom .
53 in march 1917 he be put under house arrest because of compromise correspondence with his mother . hall imperial dancer p . 186 release in the summer he be able to gain entrance to the vladimir palace . disguise with the help of a friend and a caretaker he retrieve the money and jewel from the secret safe in his mother’s bedroom . the jewel find their way to safety in a london bank . hall imperial dancer p . 201 perry pleshakov the flight of the romanovs p . 174
47 hall imperial dancer p . 186 release in the summer he be able to gain entrance to the vladimir palace . disguise with the help of a friend and a caretaker he retrieve the money and jewel from the secret safe in his mother’s bedroom . the jewel find their way to safety in a london bank . hall imperial dancer p . 201 perry pleshakov the flight of the romanovs p . 174
48 boris and his sibling be reunite in exile in september 1920 at contrexéville in the south of france by the death of their mother grand duchess maria pavlovna . zeepvat romanov autumn p . 172 boris inherit his mother’s emerald the most valuable item of the grand duchess jewel collection . perry pleshakov the flight of the romanovs p . 264 he sell most of they . the emerald include a famous necklace which at some point be buy by cartier and in turn resell to barbara hutton .
7 package the cd come in a standard jewel case with a transparent tray but the insert fold out into the shape of a cross with rasputin s head at the top . the media tray have the word Сново Мертвый dead again visible underneath along with rasputin s autopsy information . the photograph on the back be take in 1906 show four young woman of the tsarist family identify leave to right as grand duchesses olga tatiana maria and anastasia nikolaevna .
35 the lady of stavoren be a rich widow who own the largest grandest house in stavoren . but she be very stingy if anybody ask for help she would refuse . although she possess many jewel and heap of gold and silver she always want more . in order to impress the townspeople she hire a ship captain to sail around the world and find and bring she the most beautiful important and the greatest treasure in the world .
54 under rothman s watch twentieth century fox have meet criticism an open letter to tom rothman and fox stockholders for have their blockbuster film e .g . the fantastic four with marvel bring nearly every big superhero they have to the big screen since x-man in 2000 one would ’ve think their last big jewel the fantastic four would truly be something special . unfortunately they decide to bring the movie to fox a studio famous for ruin movie by have they run far too short to fit more showing in . they then decide to bring tim story in to direct it .
36 the naga kingdom be flourish in various part of the north of island and the jaffna peninsula . naga mean east . it be say that lord buddha visit jaffna to resolve a crisis over a jewel between the naga chieftain and introduce buddhism to they . archeological finding in kantharodai nagadeepa nagar kovil and vallipuram area in the jaffna peninsula be evidence to prove the existence of buddhism . long before buddhism creep into some area of the jaffna peninsula the nagas who live in jaffna be worship lord shiva .
54 the wing can also serve as cut weapon . additional armor be add on the leg and left arm replace the cannon and the antenna have be extend and enlarge make they appear to be giant ear . the chest armor be extend into the shape of a beak and a pair of green jewel feature prominently on the front . its single chest-mounted slash harken be also go replace by a pair of larger slash harkens mount in its shoulder joint . its radiant wave surger arm have also be upgrade significantly .
73 after complete seminary study he become a professor of philosophy and language . he learn interlingua in 1982 and contribute many article to interlingua periodical . in 1988 he compile his first book in interlingua le vita anecdotic del homines illustre the anecdotal life of illustrious men follow by ab le auro spiritual del scena e del schermo from the spiritual gold of the stage and the screen in 1991 joieles spiritual spiritual jewel in 1995 and miscellanea insolite creationes spiritual miscellanea unusual spiritual creation in 1996 . at least 10 other manuscript by macovei be currently await publication .
44 the property be eventually purchase for $ 679,000 and turn over to the city . on october 21 2000 gilgal garden reopen as a city park . at a ceremony celebrate the occasion salt lake city mayor rocky anderson call the garden an absolute jewel . urbani diane 2000-10-21 . deseret news .
9 third courthousethe third and current courthouse be possibly the jewel of the sycamore historic district.the third and current dekalb county courthouse be construct in 1905 at an approximate cost of $ 137,000 . the project reignite the debate over the county courthouse s location and once again the debate over which town would hold the coveted title of county seat . the county board of supervisors authorize the project in 1901 and appropriate $ 100,000 for the new building .
55 if only i could impress mozart s inimitable work on the soul of every friend of music and the soul of high personage in particular as deeply with the same musical understanding and with the same deep feeling as i understand and feel they the nation would vie with each other to possess such a jewel .
30 grand pursuivant it be the grand pursuivant s duty to announce all applicant for admission into the grand lodge by their name and masonic title to take charge of the jewel and regalia of the grand lodge to attend all communication of the grand lodge and to perform such other duty as may be require by the grand master or preside officer .
51 plot the film focus on various guest stay at new york city s famed waldorf-astoria hotel . among they be lonely screen star irene malvern in town with she maid anna for a childhood friend s wedding and the premiere of she latest movie war correspondent chip collyer mistake for a jewel thief by irene but play along to catch she attention flyer capt . james hollis wound in world war ii and face perilous surgery in three day wealthy shyster martin x . edley who be involve in a shady oil deal with the bey of aribajan oliver webson a cub reporter for collier s weekly hope to expose edley and bride-to-be cynthia drew whose upcoming wedding be endanger by she belief she fiancé bob be in love with irene malvern . also on the scene be bunny smith the hotel s stenographer/notary public who hope to escape she low income root by marry edley and reporter randy morton who loiter in the lobby hope to stumble upon a scoop for his newspaper .
89 she name be zaiton bano and have be introduce to roshi and the viewer as a prisoner who go by the name of mutraba . another peripheral character who be show to suffer due to the apparently selfish way of roshi s family be the driver s beautiful daughter jhoomer who be marry off to roshi s mentally-challenged cousin in a bid to cure he of his illness . she father be pay a monthly sum to help he with his expense and jhoomer be give beautiful clothes and jewel though she be not consider a member of the family and treat with disdain and cruelty . interestingly instead of silently suffer she fate jhoomer be show to be fiesty and put up a fight against she oppressor . initially she refuse to care for she husband and have routine argument with member of the family include the patriarch .
41 biancabella ask for the bucket which she mother give she and she carry they into the garden . the snake then have biancabella bathe in the bucket . she become even more beautiful and when she hair be comb it shed jewel and when she hand be wash they shed flower .
63 biancabella call on samaritana who still do not come . an old man bring she to his home his wife rebuke he because she have doubtlessly be punish for some crime but he insist . biancabella ask one of his three daughter to comb she hair the old woman do not want she daughter to be a servant but the girl obey and jewel come out of biancabella s hair . the family be greatly pleased because she have deliver they from poverty . after a time biancabella ask the old man to bring she back to where she have be find and there she call on samaritana until she finally think of kill herself .
30 chambers vol . 3 pp . 380-1 . the venetian ambassador who be invite be among the spectator who leave description of the great golden masque they d see the jewel the lady wear estimated in one case at a value of £100,000 and that for a single woman and the marvel of the stage machinery employ .
60 she objective be to take the eye of the dragon away from the hayabusa ninja clan and give it to ishtaros the ancient greater fiend . first she send she ninja and the dragon fiend to kidnap she . then as she interrogate she about the whereabouts of the eye of the dragon she realize that momiji have fuse the jewel into she soul thus she can not kill she . during she meeting with ishtaros she give momiji to she and in exchange ishtaros give she power that be more than she imagine and it transform she into a powerful fiend . she be later kill by ryu .
87 beatles bop — hamburg days be a compilation album of the 1961 recording of tony sheridan and the beatles release by bear family records in 2001 . to date this be the most complete collection of the recording do with producer bert kaempfert for polydor exclude the other recording feature on the my bonnie/the beatles first album that be do by other musician under the the beat brothers name —featuring both mono and stereo mix of the album . the album be release in a standard two-cd jewel box with a 99-page booklet as well as a deluxe edition package in an lp-sized box set which include a 120-page hardcover book which feature rare photo document single picture sleeve and historical note .
6 the siege aguadulce be consider a jewel of military strategy due to its planning and execution . a liberal army of barely 1,000 man be able to besiege and defeat an army that be more experienced and with around 6,000 man . with this victory the liberal be able to secure their hold on the isthmus of panama until the end of the war .
43 key prophecy pearlman 2002 p.94 relate two prophecy prophesy by the nechung oracle the famous prophecy that during the year of the tiger tibet would encounter a grave and great difficulty and the fortuitious second prophecy outline the flight from tibet of the jewel of the compassionate ocean an epiphet for the dalai lama in 1947 lobsang jigme the tibetan state oracle prophesy that in the year of the tiger 1950 tibet would face great difficulty . in 1951 lobsang jigme fall ill some say because of his repeat troubling vision and for year be unable to walk without assistance .
10 only one too be a song by american pop singer jewel . write by jewel kilcher and j. shanks produced by rob cavallo for kilcher fifth studio album goodbye alice in wonderland .
12 exegesisflag of sikkim in addition to link the gankyil with the wish-fulfilling jewel skt . cintamani robert beer make the following connection
72 the tibetan term dga be use to describe all form of joy delight and pleasure and the term khyil mean to circle or spin . the wheel of joy be commonly depict at the central hub of the dharmachakra where its three or four swirl may represent the three jewels and victory over the three poison or the four noble truth and the four direction . as a symbol of the three jewel it may also appear as the triple-eyed or wish-granting gem of the chakravartin . in the dzogchen tradition the three swirl of the gakyil primarily symbolize the trinity of the base path and fruit . robert beer the handbook of tibetan buddhist symbols beer 2003 p.209 .
4 ludisia discolor the black jewel orchid be an orchid species native to malaysia indonesia and burma . it be a terrestrial orchid which mean it grow in soil and soil-like medium on the ground . in their natural environment these orchid can be find grow on the forest floor .
28 because of these temperature preference they can be grow in terrarium or pot . low to medium light be ideal and they tolerate extremely low light level . jewel orchid be terrestrial and thus prefer equal part’s of soil and peat moss with perlite as a drainage additive .
6 see also woodfield mall the crown jewel of the golden corridor illinois technology and research corridor locate along interstate 88 a counterpart to the golden corridor list of technology center
25 the preparatoria jalisco jalisco s high school be locate in guadalajara s historical city centre . the building be one of the most beautiful architectonic jewel of the city be confirm by the church of the auntion lady and the saint philip s college .
5 limited edition besides the normal jewel case version gods of war be also release as a limited edition in an embossed metal slipcase contain a high grade mediabook bind in leather . furthermore this limited edition feature a bonus dvd with unreleased material about the making of the album and some special behind-the-scenes footage . a double-vinyl lp in a gatefold sleeve be also available .
34 here he tell she to look through it . it be point at she birthday present a newly discover star which she can give a name . next to that he give she a jewel to remember that star . hay lin find out the truth about the email and kiss eric . then they join the party again .
9 the baggersee innsbruck and its environment be a true jewel that be thoroughly maintain by the city of innsbruck . bathing be charge . this income be use for the maintenance of the leisure facility .
28 however be the toughest chest to pick in the game they include the most riches and provision e .g . health/antidote potion . courage points courage points be jewel find in each level via defeat enemy complete quest or collect they manually . each 1000 courage point collect give bilbo an extra health bubble . progress towards the next bubble be show by an on-screen meter .
17 for over 100 year the higher ground cricket pitch overlook by the wellington rocks have be a jewel in the centre of the common . a central feature of the community with nearly 200 player of all age linden park cricket club and its welcoming 130 year old clubhouse have provide a quintessential sense of british history complement the beautiful georgian and victorian architecture of the town . on a typical summer weekend over 3,000 people realise that there be no better place than one of the many bench around the ground to slow down “take five” and relax in the sun to the sound of leather on willow .
12 adorn with many beautiful thing and cover with diverse koshas make of jewel and gem the raivataka hill shone with great splendour . with many golden pole on which be light lamp shone in beauty through day and night . by the cave and fountain the light be so great that it seem to be broad day .
57 when arrive they find out the joker s statue be indeed there and decide he must be somewhere else . after everything be lock up they believe that no one can break in but that do not mean they can not break out . while go back in they find the joker try to steal the valuable jewel inside .
7 hard stone serve also to make rough jewel to inlay in metal object such as the great zinc bottle inlay with gold ruby and turquoise date to the reign of ismail and conserve at the museum of topkapi in istanbul .
62 in winter 587 when emperor wen visit tong province 同州 roughly weinan shaanxi li initially do not follow he on account of illness . however emperor wen have he summon from the capital chang an to plan together the invasion of rival chen dynasty make the promise to li on the day that chen be conquer i will use seven kind of jewel to decorate you so that no one east of the qinling mountains would be more honored than you would be . when emperor wen subsequently launch the invasion in 588 he often have gao who be the chief strategist for the campaign consult li on strategy . once chen be conquer in 589 emperor wen initially issue an edict award li a large cache of silk and create he a duke but gao argue that do so would make field general angry and because he be jealous of li s ability persuade emperor wen to withdraw the edict .
50 unfortunately mike accidentally see it and leave she . blame they for ruin she marriage a vengeful katie vow to stop at nothing to get back at carly for making she life a live hell . katie get she revenge by write spiteful tell-all book state that simon carly be jewel thief which coincidently happen to parallel reality . simon carly end up go on the run to avoid be send to a leonean prison while katie s marriage to mike crumble when he find a letter from simon forgive she hide in a book disgust mike pack his bag and leave town .
37 as katie and jack’s relationship be progressing who should show up but carly . carly inform jack that she and simon be through she want to come back for she kid . at the same time the jewel of leonia be return and the prince decide not to press charge . however jack be far less forgiving and warn carly that opd still have she up on charge . however for his kid ’ sake jack take pity on carly and tell she that he could get the da to drop the charge if she claim that simon coerce she .
17 michael howard the local mp and former leader of the conservative party describe the harvey as a jewel in folkestone s crown at a school prize-giving whilst the good state schools guide refer to the harvey as a potent mix of friendliness and formality of tradition and innovation . citation need
20 a metal virus with a bladed left arm and a pincer right arm . on its chest be a red jewel that unlease a barrier when attack by beam weapon . chronic tap into the city s bank account make malcolm rich . in romeo and joule-watt malcolm revamp chronic and send he into the school s stage light during the school s play of romeo and juliet .
9 retired cid inspector angus blake try to catch a jewel thief name the queen of diamonds from steal a valuable ring which accord to legend carry a curse from lord blanton .
22 crauford kent as angus blake retire cid inspector monte montague as jarvis blake s servant grace cunard as queen of diamonds famous jewel thief disguise as lord blanton s housekeeper mary duveen florence allen as lady diana blanton lord blanton s daughter herbert prior as lord blanton owner of the curse ring
1 a jewel in the bosom of a glen anon . refer to fingask fionn-gasg a white or light coloured appendage .
36 the sentinel knight be the original protector of the corona aurora . millennia ago after flurious and moltor have attempt to steal the crown the knight take it upon himself to separate the crown and its jewel . this be do in order to stop anyone from get the power again . the guardian scatter the crown and the five jewel on a distant uninhabited planet .
48 millennia ago after flurious and moltor have attempt to steal the crown the knight take it upon himself to separate the crown and its jewel . this be do in order to stop anyone from get the power again . the guardian scatter the crown and the five jewel on a distant uninhabited planet . that planet those many millennium ago be earth .
45 it be reveal he have battle and imprison thrax the villainous son of rita repulsa and lord zedd . when thrax return and disabled the overdrive ranger s power the sentinel knight summon five veteran rangers and repower they so they could temporarily defend the jewel in the current rangers place . initially the sentinel knight seemingly name the retro rangers as the overdrive rangers replacement which visibly upset the overdrive rangers power rangers episode once a ranger . however it prove to not be the case as their link to the morphing grid be eventually repair .
2 when the jewel and the crown be finally recover sentinel knight return to his original form . his final act before depart be use the corona auora to turn mack into a full-blooded human .
70 the one thing this dragon be hungry for ... be the flesh of the jewel master . chaos dragon even after its defeat the dragon s rage live on cause its bone to reanimate for its final showdown against the jewel master . unlike the other boss there be no real means of dodge its attack and it take a long time to kill however if the player use the jewel drop by the chaos dragon to make blade weapon this boss can be defeat before it even start attack . can be destroy with regular attack by attack each bone segment approximately 12 time . demon king jardine the mad the true face of evil .
10 judy tenutaadult movie star lisa ann of sicilian descent . jewel de nyle half italian part english and spanish jenna jameson half italian father bear jennifer massoli . gina la marca penthouse pet of the year 1995 .
75 the novel be an astonishing portrayal of a businessman and his family in the year lead up to the great depression . it also introduce character of great depth like soifer the old german jew who walks on tiptoe to save shoe leather he be golder s only connection with the old world from which he himself come . his wife gloria havke be she yiddish name be as beautiful cold and hard as the jewel she so treasure . but it be joyce golder s 18-year-old daughter who be central to the story . it be she who ultimately cause his ruin .
10 ed gonzalez think highly of the film and write the jewel in the crown of the film society of lincoln center s latin beat program last year be carlos sorín s el perro which grab the warm humanist baton from the director s minimal stories and head straight for an existential finish line . with tender understatement sorín catalog the depressing embarrassment an unemployed mechanic juan villegas be subject to when he be unable to secure work or earn money for his homemade knife . gonzalez ed .
37 timothy hutton and maury chaykin star as archie goodwin and nero wolfe . other member of the cast of die like a dog in credit order include colin fox fritz brenner bill smitrovich inspector cramer kari matchett jewel jones james tolkan loftus the dog expert r.d. reid sergeant purley stebbins steve cumyn ross chaffee julian richings jerome aland bill macdonald richard meegan and alex poch-goldin victor talento . the labrador retriever jet jesse be from the brb k9 kennels of sherri davis .
49 history accord to a legend of follower of the bön religion yumbulagang be erect in the second century b.c. for the first tibetan king nyatri tsenpo descend from the sky . during the reign of the 28th king lha thothori nyantsen in the fifth century a golden stupa a jewel and/or a form to the manufacture of dough-stupa khenchen palden sherab rinpoche the eight manifestation of guru padmasambhva ratna .info and a sutra that no one could read fall from the sky on the roof of yumbulagang a voice from the sky announce in five generation one shall come that understand its meaning eva m. dargyay the rise of esoteric buddhism in tibet delhi motinal banarsidass 1979 isbn 81-208-1577-7 s. 4 . later yumbulagang become the summer palace of the 33rd king songtsen gampo and princess wencheng . after songtsen gampo have transfer his seat to lhasa yumbulagang become a shrine and under the reign of the 5th dalai lama ngawang lobsang gyatso a monastery of the gelugpa school .
50 the uk s national film and television school nfts which teach creative and commercial skill note the ... tension which have give we popular cinema serious as well as entertaining television and allow both media to become art form in their own right . the uk public broadcaster-produced series the jewel in the crown and brideshead revisited ...came to represent the acme of british quality and the jewel in the crown be ...held up as the epitome of excellence and describe as the title everyone reach for when ask for a definition of quality television . peter mcluskie . article on jewel in the crown .
43 the first chapter tell how the buddha to demonstrate his psychic power create a jewelled walkway in the sky . bv i 5 come i will display the unsurpassed power of a buddha in the zenith i will create a walk adorn with jewel horner 2000 p . 1 . in see this display ven . sariputta ask the buddha
53 cesare battisti be sentence for this murder . pierluigi torregiani jeweller assassinate in his shop on 16 february 1979 in milano . one month before torregiani have shoot and kill a robber in an act of self-defense during a robbery at a restaurant where torregiani who be carry some of his most valuable jewel be dine . another client vincenzo consoli be kill in the gunfight and another be wound . during torregiani s assassination his 13-year old son alberto be wound and remain paraplegic ever after the origin of the bullet which maim alberto torregiani remain a controversy some alleged that he be accidentally shoot by his own father while italian justice blame the militant . .
2 the crown jewel of fairy wrass and most likely the wrasse people be discuss when they mention the holy grail of wrass be cirrhilabrus lineatus or the lined fairy wrasse . it be most commonly find deeper than foot 0 m along the great barrier reef on the outer reef slope . even though it be import more so than cirrhilabrus rhomboidalis it be equally highly price and more seek after .
52 however in this episode it also appear in one piece but have a busted piece grow out of it in one scene . more change be implement in this episode most notably that of the appearance of the aqua teen s house . this episode mark the first appearance of the mystic jewel locate in frylock s back . the movie that shake watch assisted living dracula be a short film direct by jay edwards . the full version of it can be view via an easter egg on one of the volume 1 disc .
3 other louis sullivan jewel box farmers and merchants bank columbus wisconsin 1919 henry adams building algona iowa 1913
68 one day while she be fill water in she pot from a well which be now call marvi s well sindhi ماروي جو کوھ marvi jo khooh to provide water for she goat be see by prince umar soomro sindhi عمر سومرو . at the first glimpse umar sindhi عمر was dazzle by she beauty . umar propose to marry she and try to win she over with jewel and gift but marvi refuse as she be deeply devote to she cousin . anger by she refusal umar become so head-over-heel that he abduct she and imprison she his palace in umerkot for a whole year but she remain faithful and long for she native terrain . finally umar be deeply touch by she dedication and piety and set marvi free .
29 113,000 hong kong dollar 11 centenario mexican gold bullion coin make of 1.20565 oz t 37.5 g of pure gold bank of mexico centenario description a great amount of jewel of unknown value
53 laura louise and harris be force to sell the home by 1986 and auction off the home s furnishings in 1988 . unfortunately castle kilbride sit vacant for number of year until the township of wilmot purchase it and resort it to its original victorian era beauty . the livingston home remain the jewel of wilmot township .
28 notable trainee with lazlo include paula ポーラ pōra jewel ジュエル jueru tal タル taru and keneth ケネス kenesu . paula be an elf and 17 year old . jewel be 16 year old and bear a water rune . tal be 21 year old and have a passion for fishing after the war he leave the knight and start a new life as a fisherman . keneth be 18 year old and bear a lightning rune .
10 editions the album come in 2 format . the standard jewel case edition and a limited edition digipak with embossed gold writing .
67 they then make their way to sankassa . the descent of the buddha take place on the day of the mahapavarana festival . sakka provide three ladder for the buddha s descent from sineru to the earth on the right be a ladder of gold for the god on the left a silver ladder for maha brahma and his retinue and in the middle a ladder of jewel for the buddha . the assemble people cover the earth for thirty league round . there be a clear view of the nine brahma world above and of avici a hell below .
46 he have also often act as a lobbyist for various jewish cause . he become widely know for give public religious benediction brachot to senior politician . he open the us house of representatives in june 2003 with the prayer i stand here today among the jewel of our nation man and woman who be precious who radiate dedication and they have be select as the leader of our land . open prayer give by the guest chaplain us house of representatives office of the chaplain june 26 2003 he once decline an invitation to become the rabbi chaplain to the senate .
1 jewelry jewel be heavy and rather bulky which would indicate an asian influence . the lower class wear small and simple glassware bracelet also be heavy . the most popular stone use be lapis lazuli carnelian and turquoise .
40 the church measure 137m long under 33m high vault . the central crossing be surmount by an unusual lantern-style tower similar to that at ely cathedral in england . the well-preserved stained glass be predominantly from the 14th century feature jewel tone among panel of clear and frosted white glass and lead to a brighter interior than be usual with gothic church . the hitherto unfinished façade be complete between 1846 and 1851 .
16 linguistic history the japanese word tamagushus be usually write with the kanji tama 玉 jade gem jewel precious ball bead and kushus 串 string together skewer spit stick or sometimes write 玉ぐし with hiragana since the official tōyō kanji do not include 串 .
108 aston 1896 43 47 121 be the locus classicus for tamagushus 玉籤 . this mytho-history record a legend that when the sun-goddess amaterasu get angry with she brother susano o and close the door on the rock-cave of heaven the god decorate a giant sakakus tree in order to lure the sun out of the darkness . then all the god be grieve at this and forthwith cause ama no nuka-do no kami the ancestor of the be clan guild of mirror-maker to make a mirror futo-dama the ancestor of the imibe weavers clan to make offering and toyo-tama the ancestor of the be of jewel-maker to make jewel . they also cause yama-tuschi mountain-god to procure eighty precious comb of the five-hundred-branched true sakakus tree and nu-dzuchi moor-god to procure eighty precious comb of the five-hundred-branched suzuki grass . tr .
29 etymology the etymology of tamagushus like many japanese word be uncertain . despite consensus that gushus 串 mean skewer stick of sakakus the original signification of tama 玉 jade jewel ball remain obscure . the kokugaku scholar motoori norinaga 1730-1801 suggest an etymon of tamukegushus 手向け串 hand-offered stick/skewer . the shinto theologian hirata atsutane 1776-1843 propose bejeweled stick/skewer with tama 玉 refer to decorative jewels cf .
35 the kokugaku scholar motoori norinaga 1730-1801 suggest an etymon of tamukegushus 手向け串 hand-offered stick/skewer . the shinto theologian hirata atsutane 1776-1843 propose bejeweled stick/skewer with tama 玉 refer to decorative jewels cf . tama 珠 jewel pearl bead . the famous ethnologist kunio yanagita 1875-1962 hypothesize spiritual stick/skewer with tama 玉 meaning tama 霊 spirit soul believe to be shape like a tama 球 ball sphere globe .
18 diamond geezer be a british television comedy drama write by caleb ranson which star david jason as a jewel thief and professional con man .
49 1 . demonice a maiden of ephesus . brennus king of the gauls who be raise asia minor come to ephesus and fall in love with demonice . she promise to yield to he and also to betray she country if he would give she golden bracelet and the jewel of the gaulish woman . brennus tell his soldier to throw into she lap the gold they be wear and she be bury alive . pseudo-plutarch greek and roman parallel stories .
79 he then describe a fabled meeting with four sojourner from jerusalem who be present at the building of solomon s temple make they at least two thousand year old whose memory be possibly fail they . this satire continue the tradition of the scald miserable masons who stage mock procession and disrupt the grand lodge s annual procession . the satire also pay reference to the stone use in the temple include sardine and beryl clearly not real precious jewel . dermott s political purpose in write the ahiman rezon be reveal in his short history of famous leader of the ancient world who be of mean extraction that be poor such as tamerlane the son of a herdsman and on the cover which show the arm of the worshipful company of mason as well as those of the freemasons possibly in an attempt to re-connect freemasonry to its operative and artisan root .
37 the quartet have perform with sviatoslav richter n. dorliak emil gilels dmitri shostakovich mstislav rostropovich v. merjanov konstantin igumnov walter zeufert mario brunello anahit nersesyan and other prominent musician . aram khachaturian describe the quartet as the jewel of the musical culture of armenia . many armenian and foreign composer have dedicate work to the quartet . the quartet be the ussr state prize and armenian ssr state prize winner .
43 the album be release in several different version . the original us version be release in a thin brown digipak with the crowned skull ozzy osbourne logo picture lower right and for the rest of the world it be release in a standard jewel case feature cover art of osbourne with black rain fall picture right . this cover include a booklet complete with lyric and album credit . the us version do not include a booklet lyric or album credit .
27 special edition the album be also available as a munster-hard collector box . limited and hand number 4000 copy contain a video tape + poster + another jewel case version of the cd with a bonus track .
3 suzu a shinto jewel suzu ishikawa a city in japan suzu a fictional character from the anime/manga series bobobo-bo bo-bobo
62 into sevier county tennessee between the middle and west fork of little pigeon river . james mooney myth of the cherokee and sacred formulas of the cherokee nashville charles elder 1972 545 . in the legend aganunitsi and the uktena the shawano medicine man aganunitsi in exchange for his freedom seek out the great serpent uktena in hope of snatch a magical jewel from its forehead . after search the surround mountain aganunitsi find his way to walasi'yi
7 crystal cavern 2008 dynasty of egypt 2008 jewel of the nile 2008 battle rage 2008 2009
54 sprig be a character from the grey griffins write by derek benz and j. s. lewis . sprig be a mysterious shape-shifting spriggan whose motive be unknown . she early history be unclear apart from the fact that she serve as a handmaiden of titania the faerie queen until the spriggan steal she mistress jewel . for she crime she be hunt across the shadowlands and subsequently on earth as well . at some point she be capture and imprison within the codex spiritus and remain there for thousand of year until finally free by max sumner .
8 leshem hebrew לשם be one of the hoshen jewel .
5 mia would give all the jewel in genovia for the perfect present .
68 in the course of his adventure he and his zulu companion otter save a young portuguese woman juanna rodd together with she nursemaid soa from slavery . leonard and juanna be plainly attract to each other but prone to bicker and their romance be impede by the watchful and jealous soa . the protagonist seek the legendary people of the mist say to possess a fabulous hoard of jewel . find they they immediately become embroil in the turbulent political affair of the lose race which be rive by a power-struggle between the monarch and the priesthood of its giant crocodile god . the heroic leonard can do little more than react to event .
7 we cd single 88697 12171 2 regular jewel case # smoker outside the hospital door – 4:56 # an eye for an eye – 4:25
6 european cd single p.i.l.086cd 449.3086.122 slimline jewel case # smoker outside the hospital door radio edit – 4:56 # an eye for an eye – 4:25
3 fader promo slimline jewel case # smoker outside the hospital door radio edit – 4:09 # smoker outside the hospital door full – 4:56
1 the jewel fairy india the moonstone fairy scarlett the garnet fairy emily the emerald fairy chloe the topaz fairy amy the amethyst fairy sophie the sapphire fairy lucy the diamond fairy .
7 summary this be the cover of the jewel case of the soundtrack include with the game treasure quest . the cover be scan by at 300dpi then reduce to 25 % .
24 jason abalos as jorgie a half saranggay . he be one of topher s friend . he transform to the saranggay by use a jewel . one night tohpher s girlfriend get she purse steal and she think that jorgie be the guy . jill yulo as jane topher s girlfriend
33 narcotic in 1926 brun write a series of article about she life as a drug addict and she effort to find a cure . she be jail in chicago illinois for theft of jewel worth $ 1,000 in september 1925 . brun refuse to accompany officer to jail unless she chow chow babe and von hindenburg a german shepherd come with she . inside she cell she keep she dog and an autograph picture of enrico caruso .
32 inside she cell she keep she dog and an autograph picture of enrico caruso . she be give a cigarette and begin to talk freely with detective . brun admit steal the jewel to obtain money to purchase narcotic .
62 the party be hold at the residence of duranton-claret the jeweller who restore the necklace but as he be on his way to fetch it a large explosion shake the house . go to the cellar blake and mortimer find it in a state of collapse with water pour in from the burst water main . they barely manage to save the jewel case from the strongroom but when they open it the necklace be go and they find a note in which olrik claim responsibility . the explosion be cause by an actual bomb and olrik and his man escape use the paris catacombs over which the house rest .
22 also of note be two groundbreaking collaboration between cincinnati ballet and balletmet columbus . together to great acclaim the company present balanchine’s jewel 2003 and stars and stripes 2006 .
23 i do a 2008 single by lil jon feat . swizz beatz and snoop dogg of the 2009 album crunk rock i do jewel song a 2008 single by jewel i do blaque song a 1999 single by blaque i do brian wilson song a song write by brian wilson record first by the castells and later by the beach boys
29 i do a 2008 single by lil jon feat . swizz beatz and snoop dogg of the 2009 album crunk rock i do jewel song a 2008 single by jewel i do blaque song a 1999 single by blaque i do brian wilson song a song write by brian wilson record first by the castells and later by the beach boys
84 however buddy find mr king leave coxely street before the police arrive . later his dad arrive on his bike leave buddy to find out he and his mum do not work out . buddy tell his dad he call the police however buddy s dad enter 56 to check on the owner of the house the beast who buddy forget about shortly after that the police arrive and go in the house and later come out with buddy s dad the briefcase of jewel and the beast know as ralph . they both enter the car calmly and ralph have his head in his hand buddy be not sure as he see his dad put his arm round ralph . after spend two night at julius and charmian s house buddy decide to escape to the country to avoid be put in care he get supplies from his house include a sleep bag and then go to the bus station and get on a bus although originally plan to go to west axle he then get off the bus early before it get dark .
76 she have win numerous award include the best blues band award at the san diego music awards 7 time include in 2006 . other recent honor include win an out music award in 2006 for best art design for she 7th cd white trash girl best blues cd of 2005 at the san diego music awards the trophees france international award 2004 for best international blues chanteuse and artist of the year . she also unseated jewel for artist of the year at the san diego music awards and win the california music award for best swing-cabaret artist . in may 2007 kane win an award for best original blues composition by the west coast songwriters association for she song i be my own worst enemy .
44 leonardo be a scientific observer . he learn by look at thing . he study and draw the flower of the field the eddy of the river the form of the rock and mountain the way light reflect from foliage and sparkle in a jewel . in particular he study the human form dissect thirty or more unclaimed cadaver from a hospital in order to understand muscle and sinew .
33 the menus-plaisir be not in charge of the essential furniture of the royal palace which be the province of the garde-meuble de la couronne . an exception be instructive the design of the jewel cabinet make as a wedding present for the wedding of the dauphin louis to marie-antoinette be consider part of the design of the festivity as a whole thus in the menus-plaisirs the design be entrust by the duc d'aumont to belanger in 1769 well in advance of the wedding . it be deliver on 1 may 1770 . eriksen 1974 plate 448 .
46 facade convent of san marcos the convent of san marcos in león spain currently a luxury parador hotel also contain a consecrated church and museum and be one of the most important monument of the renaissance in spain . it be one of the greatest architectural jewel of león together with the cathedral the basilica of san isidoro and la casa botines . it have a highly ornamental plateresque facade .
3 chandmani mongolian Чандмань jewel also chandman signify
39 the period from 1870 to 1940 could be describe as the golden age of the art of story tell not only in tamil nadu but also in karnataka andhra pradesh and kerala and the art be consider as a jewel in the treasure chest of indian culture . tanjavur krishna bagavathar 1841-1903 sing with paruthiyur krishna sastri 1855-1911 during his early katha performance . krishna sastri later do only pravachans with minimum music .
1 an jewel inspector name isidore le drieux be convince that a. jones be the same as a jewel thief and that jones s pearl be steal from a countess in vienna . he think he can easily prove his case although base on circumstantial evidence and will soon have jones extradited though uncle john and the other be quite certain with the more information that they gather that le drieux s case be full of hole and spend the rest of the novel work to prove jones s innocence . to this effect john merrick hire a fresh young guitar-playing attorney fred a. colby a recent graduate of penn law school who have never fight a case and be eager to prove himself .
17 an jewel inspector name isidore le drieux be convince that a. jones be the same as a jewel thief and that jones s pearl be steal from a countess in vienna . he think he can easily prove his case although base on circumstantial evidence and will soon have jones extradited though uncle john and the other be quite certain with the more information that they gather that le drieux s case be full of hole and spend the rest of the novel work to prove jones s innocence . to this effect john merrick hire a fresh young guitar-playing attorney fred a. colby a recent graduate of penn law school who have never fight a case and be eager to prove himself .
60 wildcat creek be a creek over 10 mile 16 km long which flow through wildcat canyon situate between the berkeley hills and the san pablo ridge empty into san pablo bay in northern california . the creek originate in tilden regional park just east of berkeley california . it feed the artificial lake anza as well as the smaller reservoir jewel lake along its course . in its lower course it pass through the city of san pablo and portion of the city of richmond . where it exit the hill it pass through alvarado park which include a wpa-constructed stone arch bridge over the creek .
53 the main hall contain a monumental statue of yakushi the buddha of healing with monumental statue of the twelve divine generals jūni shinshō . they have be sculpt by unkei with crystal eye an innovation at that time . the hall itself be brightly paint and decorate with precious wood gold silver and jewel . the main temple be surround by other building include a lecture hall a circumambulation hall a two story main gate a bell tower and a sutra repository . the temple s name placard be write by fujiwara no tadamichi 藤原忠通 and the ornamental poem slip by fujiwara no norinaga .
74 upon arrival he be spot off sagaponack by henry pierson who sail out when he see the strange ship off shore . reverend ebenezer white pierson s neighbor join the pirate and henry on a ride to east hampton where they meet with john mulford and nathaniel huntting a young east hampton minister . later bradish return to this ship bring ashore 4 seal bag contain 2,805 piece of eight and a bag of jewel . he ask colonel pierson to take care of they . the adventure galley lay off sagaponack for a few more day before ship be hire to unload the galley s cargo .
9 bones by peter anderson toronto mississippi by joan macleod jewel by joan macleod lost souls missing persons by sally clark
41 james paul assistant conductor of the milwaukee symphony orchestra become the new conductor of the baton rouge symphony orchestra for the 1981-82 season . under the leadership of james paul the orchestra become a well-disciplined highly recognize artistic entity . the jewel in the crown of artistic excellence be its triumphant performance on october 22 1988 at carnegie hall in new york city . guest artist abbey simon join the orchestra for a performance of beethoven’s piano concerto no. 4 . the program include chadwick’s jubilee from symphonic sketches and sibelius ’ symphony no. 2. the orchestra receive excellent review in new york newspaper as well as the morning advocate and state-times . also rewarding be the full house in attendance of which only a small percentage be from baton rouge .
40 the rivalry between the british and the russian empires name the great game by arthur conolly hopkirk p . 1 centre on afghanistan during the late 19th century . from the british perspective russian expansion threaten to destroy the so-called jewel in the crown of the british empire india . as the tsar s troops in central asia begin to subdue one khanate after another the british fear that afghanistan would become a staging post for a russian invasion . hopkirk p . 72 against this background the british launch the first anglo-afghan war in 1838 and attempt to impose a puppet regime under shuja shah .
14 the lost jewels of nabooti revolve around the theft of four valuable reportedly magical jewel that belong to an african desert tribe call the nabooti from a museum in paris . the jewel consist of two large diamond and two ruby . if the power be real they could save the world or cause terrible trouble .
32 the lost jewels of nabooti revolve around the theft of four valuable reportedly magical jewel that belong to an african desert tribe call the nabooti from a museum in paris . the jewel consist of two large diamond and two ruby . if the power be real they could save the world or cause terrible trouble . through the reader’s choice a globe span adventure full of mystery magic king and danger unfold and they inevitably will find themselves in a variety of hard choice situation as they aim to find the jewel and return they to either the nabooti or the museum .
61 the jewel consist of two large diamond and two ruby . if the power be real they could save the world or cause terrible trouble . through the reader’s choice a globe span adventure full of mystery magic king and danger unfold and they inevitably will find themselves in a variety of hard choice situation as they aim to find the jewel and return they to either the nabooti or the museum .
82 ms. 134f this version of mirza muhammad dispel the impression that churaman go to jajau of his own “to pillage the vanquished ” contra see irvine later mughals i 322 qanungo jats 48 pande bharatpur 13 u.n.sharma itihas i 200 the audacious jat however do not forget to turn the discomfiture of the enemy to his advantage . in the thick of the fight he slip away and vigorously plunder azam’s baggage . finally he depart grab goods cattle treasure and precious jewel . roznamcha 135 bahadur shah nama 164 k.k. ii 668 it seem that churaman take advantage of the situation follow jajau recapture sinsini and resume depredation around mathura on the delhi-agra road . as a result the traffic on the road be completely stop for two month and hundred of traveler include the wife of amin-ud-din sambhali get strand .
14 character informationbiography henry cooper bradshaw be nickname coop by his mother jenna a former jewel thief who raise he in south america . when she return to springfield with he she finally admit to buzz cooper that he be coop s father . sadly soon after the couple s reconciliation jenna die in a car accident .
34 collective personneltrack list chart position for album from the billboard 200 position for singles from the billboard hot 100 except as indicate . certain track list as unreleased on the insert card of the jewel case be unedited master of issue track or without later overdub those be indicate with an asterisk and list with the original issue information for the release master . disc one the singlesdisc two the singlesdisc three studio highlights 1970-1971disc four studio highlights 1971-1976disc five the elvis presley showreferences
72 this invaluable piece of art be carve during the period of shree ramachandra bharathi swamiji the 34th pontiff out of the tusk of ramabhadra the elephant whose love and devotion to shree raghaveshwara bharathi swamiji 33rd pontiff be legendary . this manually carve throne with its intricate design which depict scene from the ramayana mahabharatha bhagavatha gita be stud with precious stone and gold inlay work . indeed it be a shimmer jewel in the world of art unique of its kind in whole world .
22 morgana the villain of the disney film the little mermaid ii return to the sea morgana comic a dc comic character morgana jewel rider a character in the animated television series princess gwenevere and the jewel riders morgana jewel riders episode an episode of the series princess gwenevere and the jewel riders morgana polychaete a genus of polychaete worm .
54 instead she use she imagination and move into the photography business and take picture of the moon in colour . “ i perceive most certainly that it be almost wholly white ” she think . she also find that she could make enough money in eight month to buy herself two lovely huge new jewel too .
13 d'artagnan and his three friend volunteer to travel to britain to retrieve the jewel but along the way they be ambush by richelieu s man . one by one the musketeer be force to stay behind to hold off their pursuer . finally only d'artagnan and his servant planchet keenan wynn be leave to reach the duke .
36 karmarkar 1947 p111 ornamentation be common among man and woman even elephant and horse be decorate . man wear finger ring necklace honnasara and honnagalum sara bracelet kaduga and wristlet kaftkina . woman wear a nose jewel bottu nose ring mugutti bangle bale or kankana and various type of necklace honna gante sara and katus sutra . during leisure man amuse themselves with horse riding watch wrestling bout cock fight ram fight and duel between animal of different species . karmarkar 1947 p112 though the southern deccan lack the large university of the north such as nalanda or taxila they make up with a large and well organise network of smaller school call by various name agrahara ghatikas brahmapura or matha where higher education be impart .
48 the fiddler have manage to stop the two flash with his musical power and order the two speedster to commit robbery for he . just as the trio be about the flee with their loot the two flash capture they . it turn out that they have put jewel in their ear to block the fiddler s mind-control music and play along in order to fool the criminal . barry return to his earth after jay announce he be come out of retirement .
13 meanwhile one of the garbage man find ingrid s very valuable solid gold jewel encrust necklace plant by rizzo s ingrid look alike as part of the frame up . the hand bag with she initial where she normally keep the necklace be also plant at the outdoor brothel in case somebody walk off with the necklace . montalbano with the help of his boy hood friend and outdoor brothel pimp gege and also with the help of luparello s wife who tip montalbano to the fact that somebody must have dress luparello because his underwear be on inside out figure out that the garbage man have the necklace and also that attorney rizzo be the bad guy .
68 similarly a monster lair enemy sprite from the fire shrine in soul blazer be reuse to portray the moon tribe in illusion of gaia . a secret boss in illusion of gaia be solid arm from soul blazer . solid arm will tell will how after blazer the hero from soul blazer defeat he solid arm be put to sleep and have his power seal in fifty red jewel . after be defeat he claim will be more powerful than blazer . in the secret area in terranigma the quintet staff member refer to the game as illusion of gaia 2 .
69 in 1983 princess anne open the cat scanner follow year of fund raising and return in 1987 to open a new ward block . work then start on upgrade the east wing of the hospital and the west wing be demolish the following year . the hospital open its intensive care unit in the 1987 and move to its current location in the new wing in 1998.it remain the jewel in the crown of medical service within the hospital with exceptional result . these result have be consistent over many year accord to the unit icnarc 6 monthly report put it in the top 10 % of unit in england and wales .
6 from abdul qader lutfi the crown jewel of the jabiri family be bear his excelency the national leader who engineer the syrian indipendant in 1954 sa'adallah al jabiri سعد الله الجابري and his tow brother ihsan إحسان الجابري and nafe pasha نافع باشا الجابري
52 33 be a dora monster who possess a blue-jewel of great power on she crown use it to send child to she dimensional realm where she turn they into a blue liquid . this liquid would be use to create a massive storm that would wipe out the city . both this jewel and a red-one be sister fairy-princess whom bandora turn into gem . only by the gem touch each other would the curse be lift . reiger be invincible until the owner of the red-jewel saori slam she jewel into the blue-jewel and break the curse .
40 both this jewel and a red-one be sister fairy-princess whom bandora turn into gem . only by the gem touch each other would the curse be lift . reiger be invincible until the owner of the red-jewel saori slam she jewel into the blue-jewel and break the curse . render powerless reiger be quickly destroy by the ranger s thunder slingers . dora ninja ドーラニンジャ dōra ninja
13 even today it be call “rhenish hesse’s loveliest village church” . a particular jewel be the memorial organ which be particularly worthy of protection build by the famous organ builder johann michael stumm in 1739 .
49 in early work tolkien state that the name of the prominent easterling be give to they by the elves and be thus from sindarin language . the meaning propose for the name as they be then be bór faithful vassal borthandos faithful intelligent one borlas faithful joy boromir faithful jewel ulfang hideous beard uldor hideous ruler ulfast hideous shaggy hair and ulwarth hideous betrayer . the lost road the etymology stem bor khan galas mir ulug spanag tĀ phas war-. later however tolkien change both the name and conception assume that all the name of the easterling be uninterpretable in language of eldar or edain this be true of brodda even in early text .
20 the album be recently re-release in 2008 with full artwork . originally it be an internet-only release in a slimline jewel case .
140 article ix the estate which his majesty the emperor napoleon possess in france whether of extraordinary or private domain shall revert to the crown . of the sum fund by the emperor napoleon whether in the grand livre or in the bank of france whether in canal share or in any other manner and which his majesty give up to the crown there shall be reserve a capital which shall not exceed 2,000,000f. to be dispose of in gratuity in favour of person who shall be inscribe in the list that shall be sign by the emperor napoleon and which shall be remit to the french government . bonaparte offer the pope a pension of two million of franc be the precise sum he himself be thus oblige to accept de bourrienne #ppa362,m1 p . 362 and submit all crown jewel to france . alphonse de lamartine p . 204 . article x all the crown jewel shall revert to france .
48 bonaparte offer the pope a pension of two million of franc be the precise sum he himself be thus oblige to accept de bourrienne #ppa362,m1 p . 362 and submit all crown jewel to france . alphonse de lamartine p . 204 . article x all the crown jewel shall revert to france . he be permit to take with he 400 man to serve as his personal guard . alphonse de lamartine p . 206 .
37 gardiner s first wife die sometime after 1812 have bear he lady harriet gardiner in 1812 and a son . by 1814 he also have two illegitimate child . jenkins receive £10,000 from gardiner to cover the jewel and clothing that he have purchase for margaret buy his approval for gardiner s and power s marriage after which she change she name to marguerite .
11 rouge the bat a government spy with a great desire for jewel rouge team up with knuckles to find the master emerald .
46 on this second voyage he be instruct to breed the buffalo at biloxi to seek for pearl to examine the wild mulberry with the view to silk silk worm on leaf the timber for ship-building and to seek for mine . expedition in search of gold jewel and valuable fur be the main attention of the colonist . however they make thorough exploration of the mississippi river and the surround country .
4 barren coast deadbone reef jewel of atiiki katta castrum maiden s grave
30 there be the swastika in the centre of the flag . it represent the four state of existence of life . the three dot above the swastika represent the three jewel of jainism samyak darshan right faith samyak gyan right knowledge and samyak charitra right conduct .
4 keith jarrett ceybil jeffries jewel jj fad ruthless/atco/atlantic jomanda big beat/atlantic
41 it can evolve from misdreavus when it be give the dusk stone . it have the general appearance of a stereotypical witch with a pointed head similar to a witch s hat and a long cloak-like body . it have red jewel around its neck similar to its pre-evolved form misdreavus . mismagius s screech sound like incantation . those who hear these cry be torment by hallucination and headache though a few people will occasionally be bring good luck upon hear these screech .
10 artwork the artwork feature a £1,000,000 roughly $ 2,020,000 us jewel encrust logo which pay homage to their debut album spice . the jewel be design by david morris and each letter represent one member of the group . the s be make from amber and represent victoria beckham the ruby pink p be emma bunton melanie c’s letter i be make from a diamond geri halliwell be the c make from amethyst stone and the emerald e be melanie b.
23 artwork the artwork feature a £1,000,000 roughly $ 2,020,000 us jewel encrust logo which pay homage to their debut album spice . the jewel be design by david morris and each letter represent one member of the group . the s be make from amber and represent victoria beckham the ruby pink p be emma bunton melanie c’s letter i be make from a diamond geri halliwell be the c make from amethyst stone and the emerald e be melanie b. this be also the only spice girl album to not feature the girl on the cover .
43 marriage between songtsän gampo and princess wencheng however no further action be take to carry out the marriage for about two year . in fall 640 songtsän gampo send his prime minister lu dongzan 祿東贊 to tang to offer tribute of gold and jewel again request marriage . in response emperor taizong create a daughter of a clansman the princess wencheng prepare to give she to songtsän gampo in marriage . impress by lu dongzan s propriety in interact with he he also over lu dongzan s own objection that he already have a wife and that it would be inappropriate for he to marry before his king give lady duan the granddaughter of princess langye the biography of the tang princess in the new book of tang however do not list a princess langye so it be unclear of the exact relationship between emperor taizong and princess langye as to whether she be a sister or an aunt .
56 solidthinking be a 3d modeling and rendering software develop by solidthink inc. it be a caid computer aid industrial design software i .e . software develop to meet the specific need of industrial designer and style center who need a flexible software to blend aesthetics and ergonomics with functionality in the form of car watch bottle jewel mobile phone product packaging all of the design object that surround we .
78 it be one of the few remain specimen of the stone mason s art of the sixty of the 15th century and what be more it be link with the king jin of podebrady himself . the work as such and the setting of the relief show the low artistic standard of the sculptor who belong to the town s stone mason workshop . the relief over the small gate for pedestrian carry a helmet set with a jewel and four coats-of-arms-those of bohemia moravia upper lusatia and podebrady and an inscription this tower be build during the reign of his royal highness king jiri of bohemia and margrave of moravia in 1468 . the text date the completion of the gate and most likely of the whole podebrady era of reconstruction . the figural relief on the left side of the gate represent jiri of podebrady with a ribbon across his chest a human mask in the bottom part and in a niche above the king a figure of a builder carry a hammer .
101 now that dee have most the book of abraham except for the two page that josh rip out of the book he have lose his immortality recipe that be on page 7 and become older by the day and faster if he use his aura in any way . one of the twin josh dislike the fact that the alchemist do not always reveal all the truth . i discover the secret of the philosopher s stone hide deep in that book of ancient magic i learn how to turn ordinary metal into gold how to change common stone into precious jewel . but more than this much more i find the recipe for a formulation of herb and spell that keep disease and death at bay . perenelle and i become virtually immortal .
24 history found in 1984 by george r. gardiner and his wife helen gardiner design by keith wagland the museum have be describe as a jewel box of ceramic treasure christopher hume toronto star newspaper . . the gardiner museum underwent a $ 20 million renovation reopen in august 2006 with kpmb architects kuwabara payne mckenna and blumberg and be award the pug award for best commercial architecture in 2006 pug award website . .
21 uxie ユクシー yukushī know as the knowledge pokémon have a round head and a yellow helmet on it with a red jewel embed in its forehead and in its sugimori art it appear to be sleep or close its eye in deep thought . uxie s name come from the word pixie a small mythical creature and you u be short for it . the other member of the psychic-type lake trio mesprit and azelf represent me and us respectively .
52 uxie s eyelid be also yellow although they be obviously not part of the top of the head where the other yellow be . its helmet resemble a human brain since it be the knowledge pokémon . like mesprit and azelf its partner in the legendary trio it have two tail with jewel embed in they and the only major difference between they be their head and their face . of its trio its stats and moveset seem to be on the defensive side . it be also believe that the mystic trio be all hatch from the same egg .
26 pokémon pearl . nintendo . nintendo ds. 2007-04-22 it have a small light blue body about the size of mew with two long tail each with jewel in they and be identical to uxie and azelf except for its head . it have a pink head with a jewel embed in its forehead yellow eye and four long appendage possibly ear droop down its head look like those of lucario . mesprit be refer to as the be of emotion and say to have teach human to the nobility to feel sorrow pain and joy .
45 nintendo . nintendo ds. 2007-04-22 it have a small light blue body about the size of mew with two long tail each with jewel in they and be identical to uxie and azelf except for its head . it have a pink head with a jewel embed in its forehead yellow eye and four long appendage possibly ear droop down its head look like those of lucario . mesprit be refer to as the be of emotion and say to have teach human to the nobility to feel sorrow pain and joy . pokédex know as the be of emotion .
51 azelf アグノム agunomu agnome/agunomu in original japanese language version know as the willpower pokémon be a legendary pokémon that be part of the psychic-type lake trio along with uxie and mesprit . it have a small light blue body about the size of mew with two long tail each with red jewel in they and be identical to uxie and mesprit-except for its head . it have a blue almost cone-shaped head with a red jewel embed in its forehead and also two blue drop ear as well as yellow eye . refer to as the be of willpower pokédex know as the be of willpower .
72 agnome/agunomu in original japanese language version know as the willpower pokémon be a legendary pokémon that be part of the psychic-type lake trio along with uxie and mesprit . it have a small light blue body about the size of mew with two long tail each with red jewel in they and be identical to uxie and mesprit-except for its head . it have a blue almost cone-shaped head with a red jewel embed in its forehead and also two blue drop ear as well as yellow eye . refer to as the be of willpower pokédex know as the be of willpower . it sleep at the bottom of a lake to keep the world in balance .
53 it have a long neck short tail and a thick set of leg with sharp metal claw . it have many silver protrusion resemble spike along the back of its neck on its head on its top rear and on its chest . lodge into the chest protrusion be a glow blue diamond-like jewel . run along its body be shiny light blue stripe that fluctuate into diamond shape . dialga be say to be the flow change heart of time pokédex a legendary pokémon of sinnoh .
46 it have a large knob-shaped bump on its head from which extend a long ribbon-like antenna somewhat resemble a sailor s cap though in fact it be a flotation device . instead of foot it have a small point similar to baltoy . instead of two jewel it have a single red gem in the middle of its tiny body . it have two large fin in proportion to its body which it use to navigate through the ocean that it live in . while manaphy be say to live in cold sea where the sea temple be hide it be say phione live in warm sea .
3 plot in 1945 jewel hilburn farrah fawcett 39 and she husband leston patrick bergin 41 be scratch out a living in rural mississippi and care for their four child raylene rachel skarsten 14 burton kyle fairlie 11 wilman max morrow 10 and annie alexis vandermaelen 3. all jewel s kid have be mid-wive by she friend and housekeeper cathedral cicely tyson . leston have be make a living pull out pine stump sell they to be make into turpentine as part of the war effort .
67 the kid sell the vegetable the family grow on their land raylene quit school and get a job and jewel take in sew work . and all that time with enormous grit and determination jewel concentrate she attention on brenda kay who do not die but do not lift she head till she be one or crawl till she be four . every step of the way jewel be there to bathe brenda kay to feed she change she rock she when she cries…and encourage she . at age seven brenda kay walk downstairs by herself for the first time . the constant need of brenda kay often mean jewel sacrifice time and energy from she other older child in the demand of look after she challenge daughter .
10 now it be 1961 and brenda kay be sixteen . jewel be still optimistic but the school have not raise brenda kay s i.q . leston have a better job and even jewel work at brenda kay s school as an assistant teacher . white try to convince jewel that the time be at hand when jewel must let go of brenda kay and that she ministration be hold she daughter back .
2 external links jewel at the internet movie database dead on jewel at allmovie
26 mary s ryken high schoolhorse race horse racing have a very long history in maryland go back to colonial day . the preakness stakes the middle jewel in the triple crown be run at pimlico race course in baltimore . presently maryland have four thoroughbred track and two harness track .
50 the drawing use a ratio of 2:3. the precious stone be e-s-e-s e emerald or green oval s sapphire or blue quatrefoil each hyphen would represent a pearl or white circle from bottom hoist to top . the width of the blue band include the thin red stripe carry the jewel be about 1/5th of the fly . also quote here there be no official proportion specify presidència de la generalitat valenciana . . but two ratio 1:2 and 2:3 be be use .
11 # nothing – 4:09 # arizona – 3:01 # spirit feature jewel bracegirdle tracy ackerman – 4:38 # turn corners – 3:58 # far away from you humphrey miles bracegirdle – 3:48
28 in its 50-year run whim be the home to many outstanding talent include dan williams charlie huddle jeff davis bill friday jack shannon and other . the crown jewel be the hayloft jamboree which even have a show on nbc at one point . after whim the show air on 1180/wjjf-hope valley r.i. a daytimer which air country from 1985-2004 . eddie zack die on january 9 2002 cousin richie die in 2005 .
53 emre — encantadian equivalent of greek god zeus the diwatas refer to he as bathala the supreme god of the encantandian and brother to arde . his likeness be represent by the many statue scatter around the palace of lireo and sapiro . one of his statue become alive when he give the jewel of the element to cassiopea during the war . arde — the dragon in limbo reveal to be bathala s brother and be entrust by bathala to be guardian of limbo toward devas . he can transfigure from a dragon to human-like form .
59 arde — the dragon in limbo reveal to be bathala s brother and be entrust by bathala to be guardian of limbo toward devas . he can transfigure from a dragon to human-like form . he once make a pact with hagorn to be the supreme god of encantadia in return for help the hathorian king obtain pirena s jewel . ether — goddess of wisdom and encantadian equivalent of the greek goddess athena . she be turn to a snake by bathala/emre for fall in love with arde .
2 the four jewel be make by bathala but it use to be a single stone carry all four element . during conflict and war cassiopoeia divide it into the four jewel of water air earth and fire . each stone carry limited power entrust by bathala and each have a spirit-guide .
30 the four jewel be make by bathala but it use to be a single stone carry all four element . during conflict and war cassiopoeia divide it into the four jewel of water air earth and fire . each stone carry limited power entrust by bathala and each have a spirit-guide . aside from spirit-guide from the jewel there be other type of spirit-guide such as a messenger and a kambal diwa twin spirit-guide .
37 during conflict and war cassiopoeia divide it into the four jewel of water air earth and fire . each stone carry limited power entrust by bathala and each have a spirit-guide . aside from spirit-guide from the jewel there be other type of spirit-guide such as a messenger and a kambal diwa twin spirit-guide . they be avilan alipato agua sari-a aera and aure .
18 stratford festival although its history span just less than 50 year ontario s stratford festival have become the jewel of north american classical theatre specialize in showcase the work of william shakespeare . canada post corporation canada s stamp details vol . 9 no. 1 2000 p . 22-23 .
44 brisk sale result in a reissue just one month after the initial press . while the first pressing of the album be house in a digipak case feature the painting the execution of lady jane grey . the reissue come in a regular single jewel case and have different artwork of john the baptist s head on a platter .
71 the devotee believe that the near by village nayakanur be call as the home of the bridegroom and no-4 veerapandus be call the home of the bride . the festival be celebrate in such a way that all the devotee of amman will take bath in the well which be call amman’s punitha theertha and fulfill all their prayer in she temple on that day . on the festival day amman’s jewel and she dress all be keep in a box which be call the padaikalam . in this box god vishnu brother of amman be keep . this have the meaning that god vishnu be bring dowry to she sister on she marriage day .
45 the art of responsibility the art of steal 2007 2007 107 the art of responsibility skunk quickly make friend with a firefly and ask panda if he can keep as a pet . the art of stealing skunk want to use dragon s steal magic jewel to help the valley animal . however dragon have different plan . 08
45 the title track be a different mix than what appear on the album s tracklist . the ep be distribute on cd-r and available only at a handful of show prior to the release of the full white limousine album in 2006 . although the jewel case insert and cd-r label be professionally print the ep s package be not brand as distribute by any record label .
34 beith auld kirk . henry marry a granddaughter of alexander leslie earl of leven the favourite general of gustavus adolphus king of sweden . she die in she prime and a certain highly valuable jewel give to she grandfather by the swedish king and which be to be pass only through she family come into the possession of henry . the 6th earl of leven instigate legal proceedings which eventually see the jewel return to the leslie family . dobie james 1876 .
68 henry marry a granddaughter of alexander leslie earl of leven the favourite general of gustavus adolphus king of sweden . she die in she prime and a certain highly valuable jewel give to she grandfather by the swedish king and which be to be pass only through she family come into the possession of henry . the 6th earl of leven instigate legal proceedings which eventually see the jewel return to the leslie family . dobie james 1876 . pont s cunninghame topographize 1604-1608 with continuation and illustrative notice 1876 .
89 this building be regularly extend and adapt but on 7 may 1772 the building catch fire during a performance after a theatre servant go have carelessly go round the building with a naked candle from the stage lighting . the fire quickly burn itself out yet kill 18 people destroy 22 house in the surroundings and be so large that he it could be see all the way from the hague utrecht and on the island of texel . the rubble become valuable due to the gold and the jewel in it and the site be sell by its owner after the fire .
16 independent uk . 2007-02-12 . . at some point human begin to associate the fossil with jewel that some believe to form in the head of toad due to supernatural cause and appear in record history originally during the lifetime of pliny the elder who be bear in ad 23 and die ad 79 .
4 wear yet a precious jewel in his head .
63 two parallel wall the so-called cortina wall run down from the palace to the river danube across the steep hillside . the most impose structure the famous broken tower hun csonka-torony on the western side of the cour d honneur remain unfinished . the basement of the tower be use as a prison the top floor be probably the treasury of the royal jewel .
21 the police reject his request to become a policeman but they recruit he to work undercover in disguise as a suspect jewel thief an italian crime boss who look just like he .
22 its shell be glossy colorful yellow and green . gardin s. u.s. army garrison-hawaii public affairs . 23 june 2008 oahu s jewel of the forest fight for survival . access 27 october 2009 .
21 unicorn female the girl that kirin the other world unicorn have be search for . she be hide in a comma-shaped jewel and the love between rekka and yume free she .
32 grand hotel in sopot poland originally build in 1924-1927 as the most refined hotel in sopot the kasino hotel enchant its guest with lavish style and elegance this awesome structure be the jewel of sopot in a time when the city be regard as the monaco of the baltic . the hotel have always be synonymous with style and the guest book read like a who’s who of 20th century figure .
32 it be a three cd album contain all the music from the game . it be publish by team entertainment on march 28 2006 package the soundtrack be present in the standard jewel case format with a hinged media tray to contain all the cd . like many japanese print media the album be suppose to be use from right to left . for a westerner it would appear that the album cover have be place on the backside of the album .
52 the detective now realize that jack must have be investigate kalecki and kines who have be fence steal jewelry from europe for year . a police analyst determine that although all four murder be commit by the same weapon it be not kalecki s gun . know that myrna be once a jewel thief pat now suspect that she may have be influence by kalecki to murder she fiancé .
25 ooi be the musical director and composer of two highly-acclaimed stage musical siddhartha and above full moon and be currently work on a musical entitle jewel of tibet . the musical be set during the tang dynasty and be about a tang princess who marry a tibetan king and how she bring buddhism to tibet .
80 both amy and sean survive the terror island storyline but it take a lot of time for amy to get through what she experience . in june 1998 sean meet emily davis bette katzenkazrahi s daughter and they fall in love but their love be constantly test by amy who always try to find a way to break they up and get sean also use brad niklaus . the teens be later involve in the shockwave storyline and the rosario jewel .
69 the player assume the role of a normal middle class man name p.j. barrett . after a mixup in the local repair shop he accidentally bring home instead of his a tv set that belong to a barbarian warrior . when he switch on the tv he be unexpectedly suck through the screen into the planet daltere where he find out that an alien name helmar have steal “the jewel of light ” and that this world be in danger . thus he be force to take on a mission to free it from tyranny and to save the galaxy .
55 torgsin russian Торгсин be state-run hard-currency store that operate in the ussr between 1931 and 1936 . their name be an acronym of torgovlium s inostrantsami russian торговля с иностранцами trade with foreigner . unlike the later beryozka store torgsin store be open to soviet citizen provide they have access to hard currency gold or jewel . torgsin be establish by the sovnarkom chairman vyacheslav molotov s order of july 5 1931 and disband february 1 1936 .
18 character history cole st . john be a man of mystery . he enter sunset beach look for jewel that he be suppose to steal and he have no idea what would happen to he once he arrive . a young woman name caitlin richards fall in love with he and their love be constantly threaten by caitlin s over-protective father gregory richards . at the same time cole sleep with olivia richards but he do not know that olivia be actually caitlin s mother .
35 the same thing happen with the bird and the bees a song from the film the bird and the bees album a split ep by trial kennedy and horsell common the bird and the bees jewel akens song the bird and the bees a song by breathe carolina from gossip the bird and the bees a song by the real tuesday weld from the return of the clerkenwell kid
26 the limited edition be sell out by pre-order only . digital download of talvikuningas become available the same day . a regular cd version with ordinary jewel case packaging and reduce liner note be release on 9th of january 2008 . finnish cmx press release
55 the cooking phase require for a little dimension model about two hour of baking to complete the dry phase . after that the artist can start the finish fully manually and the polishing use a little wax film to enhance the contrast of shades and the reflective property of clay . the result be a jewel make to allow his owner to keep a little piece of sicily in his own home .
7 gôià non-jewish woman gojìm non-jewish people hafassìm jewel lit . stuff hamòr donkey
47 san juan evangelista s church a gothic-mudejar style be the most singular monument of the town be the oldest church in the area . mudejar be the style that develop in the christian spain from the twelfth century . the church of santibáñez valcorba be an architectural jewel of the thirteenth century . it consist of two building with large pillar and arch that highlight your half punto. hay masonry . inside the church you can see the altarpiece dedicate to the patron saint of the town san juan evangelista .
35 meanwhile one night margo accidentally get lock in fashion ltd . while investigate the place . that night and james decide that there be too many people who suspect that he be smuggling drug and jewel run through fashions so he decide to have it torch while margo be lock inside luckily margo be save by ernie ross and she sister cricket and all three get the fire out and save fashion . but as she wait for ernie and cricket to save she margo stumble across the cache of illegal drug and jewel
77 that night and james decide that there be too many people who suspect that he be smuggling drug and jewel run through fashions so he decide to have it torch while margo be lock inside luckily margo be save by ernie ross and she sister cricket and all three get the fire out and save fashion . but as she wait for ernie and cricket to save she margo stumble across the cache of illegal drug and jewel despite she have find the evidence tom read margo the riot act for almost have herself kill and he fire she . undeterred when margo learn about a connection between stenbeck and mr. big margo follow james to paris to see what he be up to .
38 besides be a compilation of outtake previously unreleased song and live recording by over the rhine release in 1997 . while initially intend as a fan club release the text for rhinelander only appear prominently on the back jewel case insert the disc have be available at show and through the band s website consistently since its release .
34 when she arrive he have she wait . in his room under yellow glove he open bar window to get some air . later oliver open six steel safe each contain endless riches of jewel .
92 after cardinal richelieu learn the queen have a diamond heart which be a present from the king to she as a token of love to the duke of buckingham a suggest the king should ask the queen to wear it at a royal gala . richelieu dispatch the comte de rochefort and lady de winter to london to recover the gem which he plan to unveil at the gala in order to reveal the queen have be unfaithful . meanwhile the queen ask she lady-in-waiting constance to involve the musketeers in the jewel s recovery but trouble ensue when d’artagnan steal it . after a rousing sword fight the musketeers reclaim it and bring it to the gala where king louis fasten it to the queen s shoulder just as he do when he first give it to she .
47 she would become the unquestioned love of his life . they be marry five year later in 1612 ad 1021 ah . after their wedding celebration khurram finding she in appearance and character elect among all the woman of the time give she the title mumtaz mahal jewel of the palace . koch p.18
63 in addition to humayun s tomb the more closely contemporary tomb of itmad-ud-daulah mark a new era of mughal architecture . it be build by the empress nur jehan for she father from 1622–1625 ad 1031–1034 ah and be small in comparison to many other mughal-era tomb . so exquisite be the execution of its surface treatment it be often describe as a jewel box . taj mahal india . . the garden layout hierarchical use of white marble and sandstone parchin kari inlay design and latticework presage many element of the taj mahal .
8 between mendut and borobudur stand pawon temple a jewel of javanese temple architecture . most probably this temple serve to purify the mind prior to ascend borobudur . yazir marzuki toeti heraty 1982 .
31 the roof section of be crown with five small stupa and four small ratna . because of its relative simplicity symmetry and harmony the historian dub this small temple as the jewel of javanese temple architecture in contrast with tall-slender east javanese style counterpart as found in later singhasari and majapahit period .
10 santiago de peñalba church be one of the mozarabic architectural jewel . it be situate in the valle del silencio silence valley in the region of el bierzo close to ponferrada león community of castile and león spain .
45 there he be expose to military drill weapon leadership and military history . he attend the university of missouri but drop out after one semester which end his draft deferment . he return to chicago to work as a stock clerk in the supermarket chain jewel in 1966 .
148 if the least suspicion of any desire for evanescent delight remain in your heart it behove you to strive to overcome it and not to be beguile by the imposture and misrepresentation of a bewilder band of know-nothing thereby stray from the path . though the lover of the world should attain to kingship the supreme object of worldly man and the seeker after the sensual joy of paradise should reach the reward bestow by the everlasting god that be the maiden and mansion of the next world and the lover of god should die of grief from the utter hopelessness of attain his object yet be the disappointment of this last a thousand-fold better and more happy than the fruition and attainment of desire experience by the former two class of poor-spirited man . ” and the shaikh speak on this subject scatter amongst we so many jewel of profitable advice that pearl-like tear begin to fall from the eye of those that hear he upon the skirt of their robe and that worldly object be forget we be throw into quite a different frame of mind one above description and in that state of burn anguish i bid the shaikh adieu utter cry of grief .
76 they soon encounter various island and a band of pirate on their search for a treasure lead by the notorious captain whisker . these pirate have treasure and loot in their sight and they will not let anyone not even sonic the hedgehog stop they or get in their way . the blue hedgehog may be fast and the pirate have not slow he down yet they aim to knock sonic out of their race for jewel and treasure .
24 among other event sonic can find johnny and end up race for one of the chaos emeralds . blaze have she own set of jewel to collect the sol emeralds and she can earn they by complete a series of special mission . collect all fourteen emeralds will unlock the final stage .
47 he serve she when she want and usually try to do whatever she need . eddie have a crush on his fellow female officer paula stevens but she be not interested . paula accidentally see eddie in a jewelry store where he be try to sell deschanel jewel and win a fortune . he think paula suspect he so he kidnap she and then hire a rapist to take care of she . paula s fiancé ricardo torres find she and he have no idea that eddie be behind the kidnapping .
78 that summer amy and sean be both guest on the ship neptune which be hit by a tsunami trap various character . amy develop feeling for sean and plot often use she friend brad niklaus to help she to break up his relationship with emily davis and win sean for herself . amy be also involve in the rosario jewels storyline when she father bernie nielsen be turn into a skeleton after break a curse hold by mysterious jewel .
15 it come as a shock for cole deschanel to encounter his ex-lover and a fellow jewel thief francesca vargas on the boat that have the same destiny as the titanic . as much as he reminisce about the old day cole want francesca out of his life mostly to protect his marriage to caitlin richards deschanel . however it be then when francesca decide to play the game she way .
47 on their arrival many prominent member of the english nobility receive the party include queen elizabeth . helena snakenborg catch the interest of the elderly marquess of northampton who soon start to court she . lord northampton present helena with many extravagant gift such as clothes and jewel and accord to report being an impressionable and romantic young girl helena be sweep off she foot by the experience older man . other assessment have point that helena seem to have understand the advantage of a rich aged husband and possible wealthy widowhood in near future . helena s letter send to she family in sweden talk about the wealth high rank court position and prestige of she suitor but not about his age or personal character .
11 let be call the whole thing off little red scooter memory jewel on ice one s company
45 in 1992 the yorkshire museum pay two and a half million pound for the middleham jewel which be originally find by ted seaton use a metal detector at middleham north yorkshire . the middleham jewel the art fund retrieve on october 13 2007 . the jewel be a gold diamond-shap pendant with a blue sapphire at the top date to around 1460 that be engrave with a picture of the christian trinity on the front and of the nativity of jesus on the back . archaeology york museums trust 2006 retrieve on june 24 2007 . cherry john 1994 the middleham jewel and ring the yorkshire museum isbn 0-905807-12 pages 4 and 24 to 26 .
68 khashkhāsh ibn sa`īd ibn aswad arabic خشخاش بن سعيد بن اسود bear in pechina andalusia be a moorish navigator of islamic iberia . accord to muslim historian abu al-hasan alī al-mas ūdī 871-957 khashkhash ibn saeed ibn aswad sail over the atlantic ocean and discover a previously unknown land ard marjhoola . in his book muruj adh-dhahab wa maadin aljawhar the field of gold and the mine of jewel al-mas udi write that khashkhash ibn saeed ibn aswad from delba palos de la frontera sail into the atlantic ocean in 889 and return with a shipload of valuable treasure . tabish khair 2006 . other routes 1500 year of african and asian travel writing p . 12 . signal books .
16 the diamond state this nickname come from the legend that thomas jefferson describe delaware as a jewel among state due to its strategic location on the eastern seaboard .
33 on saviour machine s concert clayton perform several theatrical and symbolic gesture . he typically paint his face in a way that it resemble an iconic theatre mask and wear a peculiar forehead jewel as well as black clothes . some of his live performance include wear an american flag during the song legion and american babylon dip the israeli flag into blood wear device that resemble demon wing and other gesture with separate mask candle chain statue etc .
4 summary scanned from cd jewel case .
48 in one version of the scam from the 1850s people claim to be springer heir sell stock in the springer heirs corporation supposedly to file court case to prove their alleged ownership of large section of real estate in the downtown area of wilmington delaware or the royal jewel of sweden . the corporation fold after a few minor court case for several small unclaimed estate . . .
54 cousens 1926 p 78 much of the drapery on the bust of the image be ornamentation comprise jewellery make of pearl around she throat . an elaborate pile of curl form she hair some of which trail to she shoulder . above these curly tress and behind the head be a tiered coronet of jewel the curved edge of which rise to form a halo . cousens 1926 pp 25–26 from the waist down the image be dress in what seem to be the most delicate of material except for the pattern of embroidery trace over it it be difficult to tell where the drapery begin and where it end . cousens 1926 pp 24–25
24 . may 7 2009 . in make the award announcement at city hall ceremony mayor sheila dixon say the city of baltimore cherish these jewel because they be unique and authentic ... the real place that tell the real baltimore story . city of baltimore government . may 6 2009 . .
32 2000 the 7 string excalibur hit the market . the expert be also release feature 3 single-coil pickup . for the 20th anniversary a special guitar be create decorate with gold and jewel for a value of 30,000 euro .
39 433 13 go maggie gone chris clements billy kimballian maxtone-graham 2009 2009 labf04 homer leave maggie on the doorstep of a convent set off a davinci code-style chain of event involve the freemasons and the hunt for a rare jewel . meanwhile marge go blind after view an eclipse without an eclipse shoe box viewer and homer try to cover up maggie s disappearance . foxflash .
5 kleinode der natur nature s jewel nur tiere . vier geschichten four story on animal
25 victor jory as spike holland investigator iris meredith as valerie howett elaine bellamy s sister james craven as abel bellamy villain run a gang of jewel thief in garr castle robert fiske as savini one of abel bellamy s henchman dorothy fay as elaine bellamy michael bellamy s wife kidnap and hold in garr castle
154 with the virtual extinction of religious painting at the reformation and little interest in classical mythology until the very end of the period the portrait be the most important form of painting for all the artist of the tudor court and the only one to have survive in any number . how many of these have be also lose can be see from holbein s book nearly all page in the royal collection contain preparatory drawing for portrait of eighty-five drawing only a handful have survive holbein painting though often copy have survive . holbein and the court of henry viii pp.11 16 1978 the queen s gallery buckingham palace portraiture range from the informal miniature almost invariably paint from life in the course of a few day and intend for private contemplation strong 1983 to the later large-scale portrait of elizabeth i such as the rainbow portrait fill with symbolic iconography in dress jewel background and inscription . strong 1987 .
60 the only probable portrait of catherine howard a miniature by holbein in the royal collection be only identify by circumstantial evidence see gallery . strong 1983 50 . strong be persuade for various reason two holbein version exist royal collection windsor duke of buccleuch which be only know for queens among female sitter for tudor miniature she wear the same jewel as jane seymour in the vienna holbein show above the pearl may tie in with a gift to catherine from henry in 1540 and she be the only queen to fit . there be no other plausible likeness of she to compare to . both version have long be know as of catherine howard .
39 cover song reel big fish be well-known for their cover song so much so that their former label jive records choose to promote the album we be not happy til you be not happy with sticker on the cd jewel case proclaim that the album include talkin bout a revolution and story of my life both cover and frequently end live show with their cover of a-ha s 1985 hit take on me . reel big fish release their first studio album comprising only cover song entitle fame fortune and fornication in january 2009 .
5 the cd come in a jewel case with no front or the back insert . three mcs feature mix master mike and mark his debut song with the group . the single reach number 21 on the uk singles chart .
47 the prince or the man man kevin eldon edna and ida s father who want to unite all the parallel londons . he have be toss out of an organization know as the court for his attempt to do this . he know about the gem a jewel which have power over the reality and which have be break into piece . this may have be do to prevent he join all the world or it may have be do by he to stop the court from act . edna think she know where at least three of the five piece be .
7 # furness # the deadly fisher # jewel from many land
15 . . many of the crime occur against foreigner only . scam involve export of jewel occur in india which target foreign citizen . . .
62 williams be a strong supporter of higher education include the uconn 2000 and uconn 21st century initiative that dramatically improve the building and campus of the university of connecticut . in addition he support the csu 2020 program that will provide the same support for the state university system . in approve the legislation governor rell say if there be a crown jewel in this bonding bill it be the program that will continue the glorious transformation of higher education in connecticut . that transformation begin with ‘uconn 2000’ and continue today with ‘csu 2020 .’
5 proyecto ace unesco the hidden jewel of rafael trelles
96 one night the narrator see a green star in the night sky and cast his soul towards it . he find a cloud-covered planet which revolve around it and see that its surface be cover with tree that from his perspective seem several mile high . later he follow a retinue of human ride on horse-sized base on human retain earthly size as he explain at one later point in the novel and another later in the series dragonfly which he find out later be know as zaiph to a splendid city which sparkle like a jewel collection . one of the man in the retinue cruel-faced and clad in bright yellow present a proposal which the author cannot yet hear to the ruler of the city a princess who look about 14 .
6 the man who steal the crown jewel of england from the tower of london in 1671 be a man with strong kilnaboy links . thomas blood have a grandfather who live at kilnaboy castle and it be possible that blood may have be bear here .
46 in 1998 he steal the star of empress sisi a diamond-and-pearl piece of jewelry that belong to a former empress of austria from the castle schonbrunn in vienna austria . accompany by his wife and father-in-law pose as tourist blanchard disabled the alarm and replace the jewel with a replica purchase at the souvenir shop . it take more than a month before the swap be discover . the loss of a priceless part of austria’s history remain unsolved until blanchard lead police to its location in his grandmother s basement .
40 fictionbefore 70s in the post-independence era oriya fiction assume a new direction.the trend which fakir mohan have start actually develop more after 50s of last century . gopinath mohanty 1914-1991 surendra mohanty and manoj das 1934 be consider as three jewel of this time . they be the pioneer of a new trend that of develop or project the “individual as protagonist ” in oriya fiction . eminent feminist writer and critic sarojini sahoo believe that it be not gopinath but surendra mohanty whose “ruti o chandra” have to be consider as first story of individualistic approach rather than the story “dan” by gopinth which be formerly know as the first story of “individualistic attitude” .
19 royal jewels forum with royal jewels chit chat sub-forum be the place where the member discuss and identify the jewel past and present of the royal family around the world .
7 panchratnam panch meaning five and ratna meaning jewel be a very famous building and a landmark in south mumbai india near its western railway s charni road station . it be build in 1975 . it have 25 floor with a unique design where the bottom six floor face the road the seventh floor be a terrace and the remain floor from eight to twenty five face the arabian sea give an excellent view of queen s necklace cuffe parade nariman point marine drive chowpatty and walkeshwar .
12 the enemy call itself the fourth empire and have now attack junos jewel of the galaxy . the junos star system once so beautiful ... be only ash now . and on these ash the fourth empire be build the strongest fortress of all time from which to complete their conquest of the galaxy .
5 planet scene # junos the jewel of the galaxy this planet be under attack by the fourth empire and be home of the galaxy force the first level however be the junos moon take by the fourth empire . # velteor a red hot planet cover almost entirely of magma with flame solar-like prominence . # malkland another planet with life .
45 richardson attend james vi s coronation in 1567 and in 1569 vote to refuse mary s divorce from bothwell . his support for the new regime be evidence by a loan of Â£3000 to the regent moray on 17 september 1567 secure on the royal jewel . in the following year as he be ˜greitlie superexpendit as treasurer and unable to pay his creditor livingstone and other 6 no . 259 moray give he the revenue arise from ward and marriage and vacant benefice .
82 accord to a contemporary source john cunningham of drumquhassle have be make half thesaurer with mr robert ritchartsone that wes thesaurer of befoir thomson diurnal 180 in july 1570 but richardson remain in sole charge until 24 june 1571 when he be replace by william lord ruthven . he retain control of the mint until march 1573 his share of the profit amounting to more than £5400 scot . thereafter he continue to receive money from the mint to redeem the royal jewel that have be pledge to he further payment be make to his son after his death which probably take place between may and november 1578 .
35 fictional character biography bear in 1982 rockwell davis acquire a stolen armor suit and take up the name hi-lite before attempt to rob the new york museum of antiquities on june 3rd 2007 of a jewel encrust goblet for an international buyer . however during the robbery a security guard suffer a heart attack and davis stay to perform c.p.r. until the police arrive she-hulk vol . 2 # 22 .
12 best historical abinadi by h. b. moore isabelle webb legend of the jewel by n. c. allen master by toni sorenson the ruby by jennie hansen
16 that i may stay a sober man although i drink my fill . sobriety be a jewel that i do much adore and therefore keep i dance
39 1602 the dutch east india company be establish . 1616 sir walter raleigh be free from the tower of london after 13 year of imprisonment . 1739 nadir shah occupy delhi in india and sack the city steal the jewel of the peacock throne . 1760 the great fire of boston massachusetts destroy 349 building . 1815 after escape from elba napoleon enter paris with a regular army of 140,000 and a volunteer force of around 200,000 begin his hundred days rule .
4 contend not for the jewel which ere long shall both of you enrich . pursue your fortune for tis she
20 the twin be determine to fulfill at least the first dictate of the delphic prophecy and contend not for the jewel each be ready to sacrifice his prospects in favor of the other . stratocle however send forge challenge to both brother to provoke they to duel his henchman matho linger at the site of the expect duel plan to finish off the wound and exhaust survivor s . the plan fail when the twin meet they maintain their bent toward self-sacrifice and each would rather yield his life to the other than violate their bond .
30 neervoort van de poll amass a vast beetle collection much of it purchase from the paris insect dealer auguste sallé and Émile deyrolle . it include many expensive beetle especially jewel scarab . in the japanese garden he have a sort of a pagode build for his collection . hoofdstraat 57 beukenstein .
12 famous choreography some of the best-known film for which he choreograph be jewel thief chaudhvin ka chand sahib bibi aur ghulam
9 lhamo latso . . . is a brilliant azure jewel set in a ring of grey mountain . the elevation and the surround peak combine to give it a highly changeable climate and the continuous passage of cloud and wind create a constantly move pattern on the surface of the the waters . on that surface vision appear to those who seek they in the right frame of mind .
23 the follow day may 24 the public be invite . the response be sensational . ten of thousand throng to the library s jewel in the crown . the open day collection consist of more than 1,000,000 volume . the new york public library instantly become one of the nation s largest library and a vital part of the intellectual life of america .
39 my soul shall rejoice in the lord for he have clothe i with the garment of salvation and cover i with a tunic of happiness he have crown i as a bridegroom and as a bride adorn i with jewel .
36 my soul shall rejoice in the lord for he have clothe i with a robe of salvation arid cover i with a tunic of happiness he have crown i as a bridegroom arid adorn i with jewel as a bride .
54 when gabi and antonio end up trap in an exploding building they think they would die so they sleep together and a camera film they . the tape of their lovemaking be later use by francesca vargas to blackmail antonio and gabi . meanwhile both gabi antonio and ricardo be involve in a rosario jewel story .
40 clark therefore conclude that georgiana would enjoy go to the symphony to hear a performance of the music of richard wagner . she go in she black cotton dress look incongruous against the other women’s opulent gown in pastel and jewel tone . yet she be move much more deeply than any of the woman who presumably form the symphony’s regular crowd . cather describe each musical piece and the effect it have on aunt georgiana clark notice for example that during the flying dutchman the only piece georgiana recognize by name she have start to move she finger across she knee as if she be play the piano and by the intermission she have start to cry uncontrollably .
51 it be a compilation album have copyright list as 2001 2002 2005 and 2007 . although release by american gramaphone as its other album have be the album be exclusive to lowe s a major home-improvement retailer in the united states . it be package in shrink wrap but in separate jewel case as a two-disc set along with christmas extraordinaire . it be the third such compilation after 2005 and 2006 in the lowe s series .
119 wynne be hire by peg s father sir mortimer ralston to retrieve she possibly without the knowledge of sir mortimer s mistress lavinia cresswell and she brother dangerous swordsman hamnet tawnish who would like nothing better than to see peg put in bedlam . wynne s ordinary job be somewhat similar he be a thief-taker under the direction of sir john fielding a real-life personage who be in charge of the bow street runner despite his blindness . wynne and young miss ralston soon become involve in the mysterious murder of an ancient bawd who live on london bridge the old woman seem to have no mark of violence upon she body but what might be a fortune in jewel be miss . the investigation of the crime lead wynne through the height and depths of society include a bagnio in covent garden and a drinking bout with laurence sterne until he perceive the well-hidden truth and solve the crime .
2 in 1999 jewel join miles an already well-established and popular band who have be together since 1982 .
0 jewel have also produce or mixed several album include sumon s first solo album shopno gulo tomar moto and artcell s second studio album oniket prantor .
41 j. develop a new display controller ag capable of up to 40 mhz display and dave develop a new family of 20 mhz analog and flexible digital front end as and ad. j develop the color digitizer ac. but a real jewel in maxvideo20 be the new general processing asic au develop by john . this device contain many innovative linear nonlinear and statistical imaging function . its architecture be to be the core of not only max20 but the next generation image system as well .
1 disappearing jewel zamloch also have a routine in which he would use a large case of jewels . he would ask a shy young man in the audience to hold the case for he and later when the shy young man be request to show the jewel to the spectator there would be nothing in the case but one of those large whalebon corset in which girl of that period encase themselves .
46 disappearing jewel zamloch also have a routine in which he would use a large case of jewels . he would ask a shy young man in the audience to hold the case for he and later when the shy young man be request to show the jewel to the spectator there would be nothing in the case but one of those large whalebon corset in which girl of that period encase themselves . zamloch recall that the routine always bring a great laugh much to the shy young man’s discomfiture . ”
20 american ben carlyle arrive in the city to track down wealthy diamond merchant alfred mannheim and $ 50,000 worth of jewel he have sell to carlyle s employer but fail to deliver . mannheim s staff advise carlyle their boss disappear without a trace week earlier and he post notice offer a reward for information lead to his discovery .
4 dvd vhs # 2006.02.01 jewel the best video collection # 2007.05.05 kokia live in paris les couleur de paris
12 # notes to myself intro spoken # i # ruby like a jewel # i be fine # 3 amazing vocalist intro spoken
7 ludwig van beethoven each note be a jewel chisel with perfect mastery and emotion . le parisien
6 maxi cd pias european release slimline jewel case # push your head towards the air radio edit # the weight of the world live at bbc electric prom
46 development history the song mirror ball come into conception before the release of alice nine s second album alpha . however it do not become a full-fledged single until the director of the aquarian age film who also direct the music video for the band s jewel single approach the band in request of a theme song for the movie .
29 maurice be florian s uncle . he attempt to murder florian s mother and steal the flame of mughal . he be kill in the process of steal the jewel .
0 jewel shepard bear 3 january 1958 be an american writer and actress best know for she role in movie such as party camp 1987 and return of the living dead 1985 .
69 throughout their journey to hungary some of the gypsy desert and be massacre by the nazis later they encounter polish resistance fighter . other voluntarily split up to meet up later the idea be that in smaller number they will look like merchant rather than gypsy . later dymitr mirga be able to lead his small company to buy horse from another non-related romani gypsy community sell their precious jewel for horse a great sacrifice but necessary for move quickly . even so many more gypy be kill by the nazis though the sympathetic population give they a burial and a chance for their comrade to meet up and mourn their loss .
33 the detective appear as the main course be be serve . goren publicly expose dr. lindgard s drug addiction by open the envelope and reveal the powdered opiate drug . goren expose the jewel thievery by point to the girlfriend s broach and then show a photo of the same jewel set in a ring of a deceased elderly patient the missing ring which the hit-and-run victim be search for and whose wake the girlfriend and dr. lindgard have attend . as goren ceaselessly denigrate and expose more of his wrongdoing dr. lindgard finally crack and justify that he have the power of life and death and it be he who decide when his patient will die . dr. lindgard then grab a dinner knife and attempt to stab himself to death but goren wrestle the knife away and remark you do not get off that easily .
50 the detective appear as the main course be be serve . goren publicly expose dr. lindgard s drug addiction by open the envelope and reveal the powdered opiate drug . goren expose the jewel thievery by point to the girlfriend s broach and then show a photo of the same jewel set in a ring of a deceased elderly patient the missing ring which the hit-and-run victim be search for and whose wake the girlfriend and dr. lindgard have attend . as goren ceaselessly denigrate and expose more of his wrongdoing dr. lindgard finally crack and justify that he have the power of life and death and it be he who decide when his patient will die . dr. lindgard then grab a dinner knife and attempt to stab himself to death but goren wrestle the knife away and remark you do not get off that easily .
6 agrilus hypericus be a species of jewel beetle know by the common name st . john s wort root borer . it be use as an agent of biological pest control against the noxious weed know as common st . john s wort hypericum perforatum .
13 johnny reid s killer be assume to have be frank wright a chicago-based jewel thief and all-around hood who have recently relocate to detroit . wright along with two new york burglar joseph bloom and george cohen begin kidnap local gambler for ransom . many of the people they snatch be connect with the purple gang .
39 tenkō manipulate suzaku s story convince taka that he be only a shadow of tamahome and that he will disappear if he cannot claim tamahome s memory as his own . the memory in the form of different colored jewel sphere be actually just memory and nothing more . it be reveal that taka be not a shadow but his own man with nothing fictional about he . volume 18 final chapter everlasting will ai ni
1 its jewel of music be carven of all or of aught b love laughter or mourn remembrance of rapture or fear a that fancy may fashion to hang in the ear of thought .
11 the people of the black circle a witch shall be born jewel of gwahlur afterword by karl edward wagner red nails
90 form a parallel enfilade with that of the grand appartement du roi the grand appartement de la reine serve as the residence of three queen of france — marie-thérèse d’autriche wife of louis xiv marie leszczyska wife of louis xv and marie-antoinette wife of louis xvi additionally louis xiv’s granddaughter-in-law marie-adélaïde de savoie as duchesse de bourgogne occupy these room from 1697 the year of she marriage to she death in 1712 . the queen s bedchamber . there be a barely discernible hidden door in the corner near the jewel cabinet by schwerdfeger 1787 through which marie antoinette escape the night of 5/6 october 1789 when the paris mob storm versailles .
144 of all the room that form the petit apartment du roi during the reign of louis xiv the cabinet des médailles 1693 plan # 10 be one of the most remarkable of its sort ever assemble in france hulftegger 1954 . take its name from the 12 cabinet in which louis xiv s numismatic collection be keep the cabinet des medaille also house the king’s collection of miniature by flemish dutch and german master object of carved porphyry and carved jade as well as those rare item make of silver or gold verlet 1985 p . 230-232 . form part of louis xiv s collection of item make of gold be the treasure of the merovingian king childeric i find in tournai in 1653 and present to louis xiv by the holy roman emperor leopold i in 1665 cochet 1859 and the gold and jewel encrust nef which be use by louis xiv when he dine au grand couvert . félibien describe the nef as de tout d’or du poid de cent cinquant marc all gold weigh 150 mark approximately 34 kilogram félibien 116-117 saule 2005 .
65 morteza develop a unique style of play persian classical music sonati on the piano which truly do the monophonic and ornamental nature of the music justice . in addition to this he also devise a special tuning system for the piano which allow he to play in all the different mode and dastgah know to persian traditional music . morteza be indeed one of the jewel of persian classical music . his playing charm and mesmerize his listener and he be know to be the only pianist who be able to play the piano as though it be create for persian music .
35 the lion and the jewel be a play by wole soyinka first perform in 1959 . it chronicle how baroka the lion fight with the modern lakunle over the right to marry sidi the titular jewel . lakunle be portray as a the civilized counterpart of baroka and attempt to modernize his community and change the social convention .
70 although the church s eponymous holy day be on the day of the annunciation on march 25th the actual pilgrimage take place on august 15th for the feast of the dormition . the annual pilgrimage be make in honor of the holy icon of the panaghia evangelistria our lady of good tidings believe to still perform miracle . the icon be by now almost completely encrust in gold silver and jewel and it be formally parade through tinos town on that day . both the eastern orthodox and roman catholic inhabitant of tinos participate in the august 15th celebration .
26 contents although each disc contain the three or four song from the original compact disc edition they be house in a cardboard sleeve instead of a jewel case and replicate the 12-inch artwork with the title of song that be exclusive to cd write on afterwards .
23 the byway continue mile 0 km northwest on state highway 64 to the small town of dinosaur . nearby dinosaur be the crown jewel of the dd the dinosaur national monument which claim to be the most productive jurassic period dinosaur quarry in the world . the monument include a walkway where visitor can view a sandstone wall embed with over 2,000 dinosaur bone and watch paleontologist chip away the sandstone to expose the fossilized dinosaur bone . visitor can also see the preparation laboratory where dinosaur fossil be clean and preserve .
21 alex and jess empty a house by fake a security survey and a prize draw in ibiza the team sell fake jewel paul win a proposition bet involve money and your third finger alex swap the padlock from a fitness club attender and clear out his locker and the hustler sell bogus miracle fat-busting product .
70 even though he believe he have no heart however yasuaki prove he have one fairly early on when instinctively he cast a spell on a dead branch to make it flower in an attempt to cheer a cry akane up harukanaru toki no naka de hachiyou shou episode 3 . although he do not understand she feeling or his own this be the moment when he receive his dragon s jewel and probably the moment when his human emotion first stir inside of he .
43 the single be release to itune exclusively on february 5 and officially send to us radio on february 11 2008 . in late january in its first week of unofficial release stronger woman enter the billboard hot country songs chart at #50 . jewel a woman country radio can embrace
63 he call the single fresh and smart and it boast a confident and commanding vocal performance the likes of which we rarely hear in country music–or in any other kind of music for that matter . this song have the potential to be very very significant because it do at least one thing very very right–what’s huge about this record–is the vocal . jewel stronger woman the 9513
23 king jayavarman consider the bayon as his masterpiece his bride . a stone inscription say the town of yosadharapura decorate with powder and jewel burn with desire the daughter of a good family ...who marry by the king in the course of a festival that lack nothing under the spread dais of his protection .
20 both dozier and yuricon president erica friedman write about the sexual nature of honey include the lesbian desire of the jewel princess one of honey s enemy for she in the second episode . friedman—who have look for such implied yuri in cutie honey manga—called the princess s appearance just what i be hope for and praise honey s change to she s&m queen form in response . ross say about the series it be seemingly exploitative it be incredibly sexist and the female member of my household you d expect they to be indignant but no they be laugh their butt off because it be so blatant and yet honey be actually never objectify in the whole series .
56 cunning and sly he be a villain to be fear thus give he the name . appearances include the chameleon red star one and the art of evil . tiara hotstones this jewel-loving mercenary share somewhat of a rapport with james bond jr. and despite be ruthless in achieve she aim be incline to pursue only jewel and money rather than power or world domination . appearances include dance of the toreadors ruby be not forever and dutch treat . maximillion cortex a diminutive villain with a very large brain hence the name .
19 a beautiful shop-girl and the discard mistress of a melusinien nobleman . have hire mildmay to steal back the jewel the nobleman have give she she subsequently become his lover .
66 his doctorate dissertation in entomolomogy be title morphology of the head and foregut of neomachilis halophilus which be publish in 1977 by the dept . of biological sciences . he be a scientist and have take many scientific field trip in rugged wild back country especially baja california employ truck to haul the equipment and to reside in . in 1953 he describe a species of jewel beetle that he have discover . it be give the name acmaeodera nanbrowna figg-hobly n 1953 and be from the kingdom animalium animal phylum arthropoda arthropod class insecta insect order coleoptera beetle family buprestida jewel beetle . acmaeodera nanbrowna figg-hoblyn 1953 from the biolib website
72 he be a scientist and have take many scientific field trip in rugged wild back country especially baja california employ truck to haul the equipment and to reside in . in 1953 he describe a species of jewel beetle that he have discover . it be give the name acmaeodera nanbrowna figg-hobly n 1953 and be from the kingdom animalium animal phylum arthropoda arthropod class insecta insect order coleoptera beetle family buprestida jewel beetle . acmaeodera nanbrowna figg-hoblyn 1953 from the biolib website
83 if glass as a material have a particular shape it be certainly the sphere express in multiple way the ball the bead the drop . as soon as we speak of bead in art the origin of the baroque esthetic appear on the horizon—because the term baroco initially designate a bead with irregular and subtly irrational shape . what make a bead interesting from the viewpoint of shape be its universal form as well as the wealth of world it evokes—the world of jewel which we drape on the surface of body to embellish they decorate they or ennoble they the world of chandelier and lavish decoration arrange in a space for similar purpose . by enlarge jewel and reduce monument othoniel’s installation highlight the confusion of the body in its relationship to the outside world . a body too large or too small .
92 as soon as we speak of bead in art the origin of the baroque esthetic appear on the horizon—because the term baroco initially designate a bead with irregular and subtly irrational shape . what make a bead interesting from the viewpoint of shape be its universal form as well as the wealth of world it evokes—the world of jewel which we drape on the surface of body to embellish they decorate they or ennoble they the world of chandelier and lavish decoration arrange in a space for similar purpose . by enlarge jewel and reduce monument othoniel’s installation highlight the confusion of the body in its relationship to the outside world . a body too large or too small . giant or childlike .
15 victoria finlay be a writer and journalist most famous for she book on colour and jewel . she most famous book be colour travels through the paint box . bbc . .
39 sram s shadow assassin the follower of the skull head god particularly love pouch especially when they be full tuck up the tail of a tunic feel the bottom of a pocket prove themselves nimble-fingered palpate the long desire jewel and set up lethal trap be everything srams love to do .
4 coronation street crossroads crown jewel of the united kingdom cutty sark del boy
31 release the single be release on 2 cd and 7” vinyl . the first cd be present in a card foldout digipak case while the second be in a standard slimline jewel case . early copy of the digipak version be emboss with a stamp of the band s thorned ‘s logo . the vinyl be a strictly limited edition .
75 historian have sometimes be uncertain whether she actually function as a mistress or only seem to have this position . queen hedvig elizabeth charlotte remark that the king act as she lover without be able to while bernadotte become involve with she after his wife leave for france 1811 . bernadotte try to conceal the affair while koskull do the opposite in june 1815 the queen remark in she famous diare that koskull expose new jewel so expensive that the be an obvoius gift from the prince . koskull make recommendation and have she brother gustav make captain lieuntenant för the royal guard .
47 many bonus be award for different factor at the end of each level . item fall from the playfield also be worth point . ankh coin be worth 250 point for each one collect while jewelry-type collectable be worth anywhere from 250 to 10,000 point each higher-valued jewel be introduce as the game progress and level in later stage often have jewel make up a very large part of the level score . score at the end of level often seem very large when compare to other computer game .
61 many bonus be award for different factor at the end of each level . item fall from the playfield also be worth point . ankh coin be worth 250 point for each one collect while jewelry-type collectable be worth anywhere from 250 to 10,000 point each higher-valued jewel be introduce as the game progress and level in later stage often have jewel make up a very large part of the level score . score at the end of level often seem very large when compare to other computer game .
103 upgrades/the store upgrades store in luxor 3. power-up can be upgrade to higher level such as in length of time or in size of impact by purchase such upgrade in the store of the game . the unit of currency be ankh coin which be earn by collect these coin as they fall in the middle of the game from large sphere explosion three from each golden scarab explosion four from each on insane difficulty and one for each 15 % of the luxor track open from the pyramid to the end of the sphere line at the end of the level small jewel will also fall for part of the incomplete 15 % after the last ankh coin be release . the type of sphere can also be upgrade in the store as well as the type of shooter use in the game these will only be unlock for purchase at 2.5 million point increment during the course of the main game . the glass sphere set be unlock for purchase at 2.5 million point the sci-fi sphere shooter be unlock for purchase at 5 million point the wooden sphere set be unlock for purchase at 7.5 million point the sphere set be unlock for purchase at 10 million point and the xtreme sphere shooter be unlock for purchase at 15 million point these purchase cost one one-hundred-thousandth of the number of point need to unlock they in ankh coin for example once the glass sphere set be unlock it can be purchase for 25 ankh coin and so on .
76 a set number of line of sphere need to be clear to advance to the next level in a stage this number begin at four and increase by one with each advance stage . a new line of sphere will appear once all of the current line of sphere push beyond the halfway point of the set-up track . any line of sphere that touch the next line mean that the two line merge and the jewel and coin bonus for complete the line will become unavailable . the level end in failure if any sphere disappear inside the pyramid at the end of the set-up track or in success if all of the sphere in all of the line of sphere be destroy .
84 the treasure hunter mode be the title of the bonus level that will be available at the end of each stage if a player collect all four of the jar in classic mode level . this level be set in the sky and involve very short line of sphere and these line almost always contain two sphere of the same color some very rarely come across with two group of two sphere each of different color . with each line of sphere destroy numerous jewel and occasional ankh coin will fall from the sky .
86 there be an earlier prose version of romulus also medieval latin online university of oklahoma a. g. rigg history of anglo-latin literature 1066-1422 1992 state that 58 of the 62 tale be from phaedrus via the prose latin of romulus . it have be date as early as the tenth century john macqueen complete and full with numbers the narrative poetry of robert henryson 2006 p . 15 . or the sixth century . it be adapt from phaedrus the initial fable the cock and the jewel supposedly the reply of phaedrus to his critic mark out fable collection originate from this source . walter change the jewel from a pearl to jasper # 15 note wikisource text .
66 it have be date as early as the tenth century john macqueen complete and full with numbers the narrative poetry of robert henryson 2006 p . 15 . or the sixth century . it be adapt from phaedrus the initial fable the cock and the jewel supposedly the reply of phaedrus to his critic mark out fable collection originate from this source . walter change the jewel from a pearl to jasper # 15 note wikisource text .
62 the first edition have a special cross-formed poster contain the lyric booklet it also list the title cinque milla as lasting 3:14 but the version include on all cd be 4:04 long . later pressing have a more regular cover booklet . the third edition be an israeli budget edition with cherry series print on the cover on the inside of the jewel case . all 3 edition of the album have identical track listing . the maganuna album include song sing in four language hebrew arabic english and italian .
36 2006 push – sylvie guillem and russell maliphant 2007 chroma – world premiere by the royal ballet choreography by wayne mcgregor music by the white stripes with additional music and orchestration by joby talbot . 2008 jewel – production premiere by the royal ballet choreography by george balanchine music by gabriel fauré igor stravinsky and pyotr il yich tchaikovsky staging by elyse borne patricia neary and maria calegari conduct by valeriy ovsyanikov. 2009 café muller the rite of spring double bill pina baush tanztheatre wuppertal at sadler s wellsreference
15 the seventh incantation by joseph payne brennan black noon by c. m. eddy jr. the jewel of charlotte by duane rimel the letter of cold fire by manly wade wellman horror at vecra by henry hasse
10 omegamatic use omega caliber 1400 eta 205.111 rhodium plate 17 jewel autoquartz not thermocompensated movement with around 100 hour power reserve . this caliber have the option of manual wind to get the initial power to the capacitor . the mechanism alert low power reserve by move the seconds hand in four seconds interval .
42 for other failure the best option would be get a watch with a 205.911 caliber tissot pr100 autoquartz and use it for spare . the use of a swatch autoquartz it be not recommend as these carry the inferior eta 205.711 15 jewel caliber .
70 other writer whose work be not extant now but title of whose work be mention in independent reference such as indranandi s srutavatara devachandra s rajavalikathe narasimhacharya 1934 pp . 4 5 bhattakalanka s sabdanusasana of 1604 sastri 1955 p . 355 writings of jayakirthi kamath 1980 p . 67 be syamakundacharya 650 who author the prabhrita and srivaradhadeva also call tumubuluracharya 650 or earlier who write the chudamani crest jewel a 96,000-verse commentary on logic . sastri 1955 p . 355 rice b.l. 1897 pp . 496 497 rice e.p. 1921 p . 27 mugali 1975 p . 13 the karnatheshwara katha a eulogy of the chalukya king pulakesi ii be ascribe to the 7th or 8th century .
73 it be shape like the helm of the guards of the citadel save that it be loftier and it be all white and the wing at either side be work of pearl and silver in the likeness of the wing of a sea-bird for it be the emblem of king who come over the sea and seven gem of adamant be set in the circlet and upon its summit be set a single jewel the light of which go up like a flame .
19 later during the reign of king atanatar ii alcarin ta 1149–1226 a new crown be make of silver and jewel . this crown be wear by all the subsequent kings of gondor . traditionally a father pass the crown to his heir before he die .
3 a famous green jewel that galadriel give as a gift to aragorn just before the fellowship of the ring leaf the wood of lothlórien
8 there be a variety of story about the jewel s origin in unfinished tale
31 there be in gondolin a jewel-smith name enerdhil and he be the greatest of that craft among the noldor after the death of fëanor...it come into his heart to make a jewel within which the clear light of the sun should be imprison but the jewel should be green as leaf . and he make this thing and even the noldor marvel at it . for it be say that those who look through this stone see thing that be wither or burn heal again or as they be in the grace of their youth and that the hand of one who hold it bring to all that they touch heal from hurt .
45 there be in gondolin a jewel-smith name enerdhil and he be the greatest of that craft among the noldor after the death of fëanor...it come into his heart to make a jewel within which the clear light of the sun should be imprison but the jewel should be green as leaf . and he make this thing and even the noldor marvel at it . for it be say that those who look through this stone see thing that be wither or burn heal again or as they be in the grace of their youth and that the hand of one who hold it bring to all that they touch heal from hurt .
4 gandalf bring back the jewel from valinor and give it to galadriel as a token from yavanna that the valar have not forsake middle-earth . in this version gandalf also remark prophetically to galadriel that she will only hold it for a little while before she pass it to another who will also be call elessar .
26 galadriel be pain at the state of middle-earth and want something to help heal its wound . celebrimbor who be in love with galadriel remake the jewel at she behest . it be interesting to note that celebrimbor be also in gondolin in the time of enerdhil and learn much from he . although we be more familiar with celebrimbor and his rings of power he be actually overshadow by the superior skill of enerdhil who be second only to fëanor .
34 there be also a third version that differ greatly from the first two . in that there be no mention of enerdhil and instead it be celebrimbor himself who in gondolin make the original jewel . eärendil take this jewel to valinor forever and in the second age galadriel ask celebrimbor to remake the jewel again .
39 there be also a third version that differ greatly from the first two . in that there be no mention of enerdhil and instead it be celebrimbor himself who in gondolin make the original jewel . eärendil take this jewel to valinor forever and in the second age galadriel ask celebrimbor to remake the jewel again .
54 there be also a third version that differ greatly from the first two . in that there be no mention of enerdhil and instead it be celebrimbor himself who in gondolin make the original jewel . eärendil take this jewel to valinor forever and in the second age galadriel ask celebrimbor to remake the jewel again .
5 all version end with the jewel in galadriel s possession . she then give it to she daughter celebrían who in turn give it to arwen . it nonetheless be in galadriel s keep in lothlórien before she pass it on to aragorn .
21 another point of note be that earlier in the lord of the rings aragorn urge bilbo baggins to include a green jewel in a poem about eärendil he be compose possibly anticipate the symbolic importance that the gem would have in his life . bilbo obey aragorn but seemingly unaware of the elfstone s story include an inaccurate reference to an emerald . improper reference format
76 death you can give i earn or unearned but name i will not take from you of baseborn nor spy nor thrall . by the ring of felagund that he give to barahir my father on the battlefield of the north my house have not earn such name from any elf be he king or no . thus speak beren erchamion in the hall of mighty thingol as he hold aloft the ring and the green jewel gleam there that the noldor have devise in valinor . for this ring be like to twin serpent whose eye be emerald and their head meet beneath a crown of golden flower that the one uphold and the other devoured that be the badge of finarfin and his house . the silmarillion chapter 19 of beren and lúthien
8 silmaril main article silmaril three brilliant holy star-like jewel which contain the unmarred light of the two tree create by the vala yavanna the mother of all tree and herb .
9 star of elendil the name of two white precious jewel part of royal regalia . they be first mention in the lord of the rings and elaborate upon in unfinished tale .
1 both jewel be affix to a fillet of mithril which be wear in place of a crown . the first be wear by elendil and isildur until it be lose in the disaster of the gladden fields . a second be then make which be then wear by the kings and later chieftains of the dúnedain in arnor .
2 the original jewel be hand down through silmariën to the lords of andúnië thereby escape the downfall of númenor with elendil . it be lose shortly after the war of the last alliance . isildur his three eldest son and around 250 dúnedain warrior be waylay and his son along with most of the dúnedain be slay by orcs in the gladden fields isildur who be slay by an orc arrow shortly thereafter as he flee the battle and cross the anduin be wear the star when he fall .
19 after the war of wrath eärendil with the silmaril upon his brow sail vingilótë into the sky where the jewel shine forever as a morning star the equivalent to venus .
13 track list # stronger woman jewel marv green – 4:02 # i do jewel – 4:04 # love be a garden jewel shaye smith – 3:48 # rosey mick jewel – 3:36
19 # i do jewel – 4:04 # love be a garden jewel shaye smith – 3:48 # rosey mick jewel – 3:36 # anyone but you jewel wynn varble – 3:55 # thump thump jewel – 3:57
18 # rosey mick jewel – 3:36 # anyone but you jewel wynn varble – 3:55 # thump thump jewel – 3:57 # two become one jewel guy chambers – 3:44 # till it feel like cheating lisa carver liz rose – 4:00
29 # till it feel like cheating lisa carver liz rose – 4:00 # everything remind i of you jewel joe firstman – 3:15 # love by you cowboy waltz jewel – 3:28 # perfectly clear jewel – 2:56
23 # everything remind i of you jewel joe firstman – 3:15 # love by you cowboy waltz jewel – 3:28 # perfectly clear jewel – 2:56
129 she be a folksinger soar with she long lyrical phrase instead of aim for the gut something that grate when she do attempt something uptempo but she wisely avoid this pitfall through much of the album choose to dole out ballad and midtempo pop . this bring perfectly clear much closer to pieces of you than any album she be make since as it be fill with poppy simple song about relationship never bog down in portentous pretension literary preoccupation or glossy pop as she have in every record since . this do not necessarily make perfectly clear a better record — some of those album be pretty good even if they do not adhere to the jewel myth — but it do mean it feel more like the jewel that everybody come to love back in 1995 which be what it be intend to do .
38 # these gemstone be differentiated from other precious organically produce ornamental material such as ivory mother of pearl tortoiseshell etc. primarily by the way in which they be use . pearl amber and ammolite be consider to be jewel citation need while the other be treat more as textural object .
40 jainism emphasise that ratnatraya triple gem of jainism — the right vision or view samyak darshana right knowledge samyak gyana and right conduct samyak charitra — constitute the path to liberation . these be know as the triple gem or jewel of jainism and hence also know as ratnatraya . these three be essential for soul to move up spiritually tattvartha sutra .
55 want of proper faith amount to blindness and want of proper knowledge amount to lameness . the two complement and support each other in refine the model and understand the reality better . there be a fair degree of inter-play between the two and they be not only inter-twined but also link with the third jewel namely the conduct where the knowledge be apply and experience . another good example to illustrate this point can be find in the fairly recent scientific history in the development of our knowledge base about light . for a long time scientist modelled light as electromagnetic wave until photoelectricity be discover require they to re-model it as both wave and a particle .
24 . . italian . he state he wear it only as a religious symbol and because of a personal meaning for he be a jewel wear by his friend paolo di nella a far right militant that have be kill during the 70 anni di piombo . . italian .
37 major themes torreano grow up in a large catholic family and spend much of his youth as an altar boy . torreano state that the environment of the catholic church influence his art with his use of jewel serve as a metaphor for vigil light . other religious influence appear in his piece as well his work in the 1980 s include bejewel cross and in recent year his painting have use gem to create space-like constellation such as exploding galaxy 1981 lorenz marianne . . .
5 # quest for love by jewel # go girl by snoop dogg # it be a beautiful day by elijah harris
29 laurel farm by the late 1930 steam be on the wain from commercial usage as diesel lorry become more popular . to cushing it be as though the crown jewel be be sell for scrap and he begin to buy up redundant steam engine storing and then restore they at laurel farm where he have work as a child and now own . this be also where he raise his own family of three boy with his wife minnie .
69 king form the vk s in order to protect the projects district from los carnales . later on in the game king reveal that he be a childhood friend of julius little and remark that julius be follow in king s path even to the point of recycle king s old rally speech . benjamin king eventually form a financial empire with kingdom come records serving as the crown jewel . personally benjamin king have no qualm about do his own dirty work but in his pursuit of legitimacy king now prefer to exercise his power and influence with stilwater s political machine to achieve his goal and maintain his status .
29 please remember i be the title of a song co-written by american country music artist rodney crowell and will jennings . originally record by crowell on his 1995 album jewel of the south his version be release as a single that year . crowell s version of the song peak at #69 on the billboard country chart upon its release . a later version be release by aaron neville and linda ronstadt but be not release as a single .
26 julian learn more about the world of the year 2000 . handwriting have be virtually replace by phonograph record and jewelry be no longer use since jewel be now worthless . julian be amaze by a television-like device call the electroscope . world communication be simplified since everyone now speak a universal language in addition to his native tongue .
15 alexander rea discover three inscribed stone relic casket contain crystal casket relic of buddha and jewel in 1892 . the bhattiprolu stupa a. rea 1892 south indian buddhist antiquities vol 4 the buddhist architecture in andhra dr d. j. das 1993 book and book new delhi
63 hugh be a devout christian and apolitical while jemima s atheism be couple with a stout defence of disraeli s brand of toryism . a. j. crilly blackburn hugh 1823–1909 oxford dictionary of national biography oxford university press 2004 access may 2 2008 . iwona blazwick obe 19 british art gallery curator director of the whitechapel art gallery in london . the hidden jewel of the year be an impromptu performance by 40 singer from a south african township under the dome of st paul s cathedral which make i a devout atheist feel spiritually move . iwona blazwick the best of 2002 daily telegraph december 21 2002 section pg . 01 . berkeley breathed 1957 american cartoonist child s book author/illustrator director and screenwriter best know for the cartoon strip bloom county .
23 tr . aston 1896 1,61-2 second the nihongi chapter on legendary emperor chūai and his empress jingū combine two myth of japanese tide jewel and indian nyoi-ju 如意珠 cintamanus wish-fulfilling jewel . in 193 ce the empress supposedly found in the sea a nyoi pearl tr . aston 1896 219 and in 199 ce the imperial ship encounter a kuma-wani with a giant tamagushus .
30 tr . aston 1896 1,61-2 second the nihongi chapter on legendary emperor chūai and his empress jingū combine two myth of japanese tide jewel and indian nyoi-ju 如意珠 cintamanus wish-fulfilling jewel . in 193 ce the empress supposedly found in the sea a nyoi pearl tr . aston 1896 219 and in 199 ce the imperial ship encounter a kuma-wani with a giant tamagushus .
68 the emperor proceed to tsukushi . at this time kuma-wani the ancestor of the agata-nushi of oka hearing of the emperor s arrival pull up beforehand a 500-branched sakaki tree which he set up on the bow of a nine-fathom ship . on the upper branch he hang a white-copper mirror on the middle branch he hang a ten-span sword and on the lower branch he hang yasaka jewel . with these he go out to meet he at the bay of saha in suwo and present to he a fish-salt-place . in do so he address the emperor say let the great ferry from anato to mukatsuno be its eastern gate and the great ferry of nagoya be its western gate .
23 william george aston justify not translate wani as crocodile . he refer to the ryūjin 龍神 dragon god his daughter toyotama-hime 豊玉姫 luminous jewel princess who marry the japanese imperial ancestor hoori or hohodemi dragon king myth and the scholar wani who serve emperor Ōjin . sea-monster be in japanese wanus . it be write with a chinese character which mean properly crocodile but that meaning be inadmissible in these old legend as the japanese who originate they can have know nothing of this animal .
72 and if the full term be use in korea certainly the japanese would not have take up only its last part . in my opinion the wanus be an old japanese dragon or serpent-shaped sea-god and the legend be an ancient japanese tale dress in an indian garb by later generation . the oldest version probably relate how hohodemi go to the sea-god marry his daughter and obtain from he the two jewel of ebb and flood i .e . tide jewels or some other means to punish his brother by nearly drown he afterwards when have return to the earth he build the parturition-house and break his promise of not look at his wife when she be give birth see that she have change into a wani i .e . an enormous sea-monster . as to the pearl although mysterious jewel be very common in the indian tale about the naga-kings it be possible that also japanese sea-god be believe to possess they as the sea conceal so many treasure in she depths but it may also be an indian conception . when later generation get acquaint with the chinese and indian dragon they identify their wani with the latter and embellish their old legend with feature borrow from the indian naga tale .
119 in my opinion the wanus be an old japanese dragon or serpent-shaped sea-god and the legend be an ancient japanese tale dress in an indian garb by later generation . the oldest version probably relate how hohodemi go to the sea-god marry his daughter and obtain from he the two jewel of ebb and flood i .e . tide jewels or some other means to punish his brother by nearly drown he afterwards when have return to the earth he build the parturition-house and break his promise of not look at his wife when she be give birth see that she have change into a wani i .e . an enormous sea-monster . as to the pearl although mysterious jewel be very common in the indian tale about the naga-kings it be possible that also japanese sea-god be believe to possess they as the sea conceal so many treasure in she depths but it may also be an indian conception . when later generation get acquaint with the chinese and indian dragon they identify their wani with the latter and embellish their old legend with feature borrow from the indian naga tale . 1913 140
59 in the minahassa legend however he dive into the sea and arrive at a village at the bottom of the water . there he discover the hook in the throat of a girl and be bring home on the back of a big fish . and like hohodemi punish his brother by nearly drown he by means of the jewel of flood-tide so the hero of the minahassa legend by his prayer cause the rain to come down in torrent upon his evil friend . in japan buddhist influence evidently have change the village in the sea into the palace of a dragon king but in the older version the sea-god and his daughter have keep their original shape of wanus probably a kind of crocodile as the chinese character indicate . an old painting of sensai eitaku reproduce by mÜller show hohodemi return home on the back of a crocodile .
6 the castle museum one of the jewel of the medellín architecture museo el castillo or the castle museum .
47 tunis export grain date olive oil wool and leather wax coral salt fish cloth carpet arm and also perhaps black slave . import include cabinet work arm hunt bird wine perfume spice medical plant hemp linen silk cotton many type of cloth glass ware metal hardware and jewel . julien history of north africa at 158-159 .
35 the national headquarters of the church be establish in new york city . introvigne 2000 page 13–16 in seattle the church purchase the historic rolland denny house for $ 175,000 in 1977 . a seattle jewel shine again seattle post-intelligencer july 22 2007
60 sorrowfully gogoud explain that he as a magician be not very capable and be as of yet only an apprentice . still the young man agree to help hype and guide he on his quest through time . hype and gogoud come to learn that in order for hype to return to the future he must collect a number of jewel . they be also dismayed to learn that each jewel allow hype to advance only one leap through time mean that the knight will have to collect and charge jewel hide in the reign of taskan i ii and iii before return to the era of taskan iv where he will confront the black knight who s name be barnak . in his journey hype meet a number of faithful friend include zatila the dragon karon leader of the brigand she daughter nohlin and many other .
49 still the young man agree to help hype and guide he on his quest through time . hype and gogoud come to learn that in order for hype to return to the future he must collect a number of jewel . they be also dismayed to learn that each jewel allow hype to advance only one leap through time mean that the knight will have to collect and charge jewel hide in the reign of taskan i ii and iii before return to the era of taskan iv where he will confront the black knight who s name be barnak . in his journey hype meet a number of faithful friend include zatila the dragon karon leader of the brigand she daughter nohlin and many other . on the other hand hype also encounter a great number of foe include the king taskan i and his army rajoth the magician founder of the laboratories enost king taskan ii i s wizard who switch to the black knights side numerous different soldier include barnak s army of black guards and other servant barnak s black dragon vhoid and finally the evil barnak himself .
69 still the young man agree to help hype and guide he on his quest through time . hype and gogoud come to learn that in order for hype to return to the future he must collect a number of jewel . they be also dismayed to learn that each jewel allow hype to advance only one leap through time mean that the knight will have to collect and charge jewel hide in the reign of taskan i ii and iii before return to the era of taskan iv where he will confront the black knight who s name be barnak . in his journey hype meet a number of faithful friend include zatila the dragon karon leader of the brigand she daughter nohlin and many other . on the other hand hype also encounter a great number of foe include the king taskan i and his army rajoth the magician founder of the laboratories enost king taskan ii i s wizard who switch to the black knights side numerous different soldier include barnak s army of black guards and other servant barnak s black dragon vhoid and finally the evil barnak himself .
60 the monastery the monastery be where the monk live also guard by a large number of guard . difference between the man of the monastery and the fortress lead to a rivalry between the two . the monastery manage to obtain the royal jewel shortly before hype s arrival in the era of taskan i the first of the four jewel that hype need to obtain in order to advance in time and defeat barnak . senekal a former fighter at the field of courage hide the young prince taskan iv at the monastery to keep he safe during the civil war . the monastery be home to one of the three precious almanac in the kingdom and where the flag of king taskan ii be safely keep .
52 when barnak arrive he begin his plot for domination of time itself by use of the tower itself . the tower be not build just to be fortress but as a giant sundial similar to those use to teleport between era . the tower s sundial however have be embed with the jewel of the god s and when the eclipse occur barnak s striking of it will bring about his domination of time and space . however when hype defeat barnak he destroy the dial so that it cannot be use for evil and the taskan family will rule for evermore .
61 on february 28 2008 he win a fair grounds allowance race by 4½ length after suffer a slight injury in the grade iii lecomte stakes in early january . one week prior to the kentucky derby macho again win the derby trial a grade three at churchill downs . after that win stewart and west point send he to the second jewel of the triple crown the grade i preakness stakes . in the preakness macho again face an overflow field of thirteen colt many of they stake winner . media darling and derby winner big brown be leave alone on the lead with slow early fraction in the first half mile .
32 sheth gangaram-er dhan daulat tarinikhuro go to ajmer to work as a secretary of seth gangaram who be a patient of his uncle and very wealthy . gangaram be a trader of jewel and have wealthy item like the locket of jahangir . gangaram appoint khuro as the teacher of his notorious youngest son mahabir . mahabir do not like he at first and go on to throw scorpion at he but khuro with his courage win his heart .
54 the episode first air on august 1 2008 on the sci fi channel in the united states and subsequently air on october 9 on sky one in the united kingdom . the episode be write by alan mccullough and direct by regular stargate director andy mikita . richard woolsey robert picardo and jennifer keller jewel staite do not appear in the episode despite be credit during the opening title sequence . the episode bear similarity to the flying dutchman a mythical ghost ship that drift forever in the ocean with no chance of return home . it receive generally favourable review .
84 sitakanta mohapatra soubhagya kumar mishra,rajendra kihore panda brajanath rath jayanta mahapatra kamalakant lenka j p das brahmotri mohanty mamata dash amaresh patnaik hrushikesh mallick sunil kumar prusty sucheta mishra aparna mohanty pritidhara samal basudev sunani,gajanan mishra bharat majhi be some poet of this contemporary age . in the post-independence era oriya fiction assume a new direction.the trend which fakir mohan have start actually develop more after 50’s of last century . gopinath mohanty 1914-1991 surendra mohanty and manoj das 1934 be consider as three jewel of this time . the other significant fiction writer be chandrasekhar rath shantanu acharya mohapatra nilamani sahoo,rabi patnaik jagadish mohanty kanheilal das .satya mishra ramchandra behera,padmaja pal yashodhara mishra and sarojini sahoo be few writer whose writings have create a new age in the field of fiction . after 1970 the woman wing of oriya writer emerge as a prime voice of feminism .
28 however when wood ask for his help via pretty assistant helen reed wendy barrie he cannot resist . it seem that wood s soiree have be plague by jewel theft and she be particularly worry about the diamond of she guest vera gardner lucile gleason .
33 by this point gay suspect gardner arrange to have she diamond steal so she could collect on the insurance . the flower be a signal indicate to whom gardner be to give the jewel . it should have be retana . gay and helen break into his apartment but have to hide when the owner enter .
41 composition and classification gibeon meteorite be make of an iron-nickel alloy but contain also cobalt and phosphorus . the crystal structure of this meteorite be a classic example of fine octahedrite and the widmanstatten pattern aesthetically appreciate both by collector and jewel designer .
30 the museum contain an exceptional collection of fine art and decorative item about 1200 item in total with an emphasis on 18th century france range from european and chinese ceramic jewel and snuffbox to painting by louis-léopold boilly françois boucher canaletto jean-siméon chardin jean-honoré fragonard jean-baptiste greuze maurice quentin de la tour sir thomas lawrence rembrandt hubert robert giovanni battista tiepolo and jean-antoine watteau sculpture by jean-antoine houdon jean-baptiste lemoyne and jacques-françois-joseph saly and fine furniture attribute to jean-françois oeben and roger van der cruse .
8 françois couture at allmusic call trondheim the crown jewel of the box set say it be some of henry cow s darkest and most thrilling music . john kelman at all about jazz describe trondheim as about as unapproachable as henry cow ever get and yet amongst the density and at time harsh realm be moment of profound beauty . the 80-minute improvisation ... demonstrate the kind of intuitive push-and-pull that could only come from musician not just spend a great deal of time play together but also live together with a potent ability to sometimes shift ambience and color at the drop of a dime .
97 the impulse for the founding of the monastery by queen margarita and sometimes the nun be call las margaritas be to celebrate she husband s expulsion of the moriscos resident moors . the queen have the prioress of the monastery of discalced nun of san agustín in valladolid mother mariana de san josé accompany by francisca de san ambrosio sister of the marquesa de pozas catalina de la encarnación and isabel de la cruz . first lodge in the monastery of santa isabel while they await the completion they receive donation from the king and queen include jewel to finance the monastery . the monastery be build adjacent to the then extant real alcázar and have a passageway to allow the royal direct access . the monastery be inagurate in the 2nd of july of 1616 a few year after the queen have die .
77 as baroness bryan be the half-sister of elizabeth boleyn countess of wiltshire and the mother of the king s mistress mary boleyn and his second wife anne boleyn fortune imrove for the bryan family during the 1520 and early 1530 . but it be not only thomas bryan s niece by marriage who attract the king but his daughter elizabeth carew also . elizabeth be link to henry from 1514 and be say to have be give jewel by henry viii that technically belong to the queen katherine of aragon .
56 the st . edward’s sapphire get its name from edward the confessor who wear the stone in his ring . accord to legend the sapphire make its first appearance in the year 1042 where it be set into edward s coronation ring . the gem survive through oliver cromwell s reign and disassembly of the crown jewel and be recut into be present form by charles ii after the restoration . queen victoria have the stone set into the finial cross of the imperial state crown .
10 trinidad state junior college be a two year college a jewel locate in southern colorado . lead by an illustrious faculty personnel truly dedicate to serve student and a great administrative body that carry on its educational mission of service to a diverse community it be a college that help to enrich the cultural climate of the college life the life of the city of trinidad a city of champion .
4 the term license plate jewel be use to refer to a bolt with an ornamental clear or colored glass or plastic head that fasten a vehicle registration plate to a bracket on the body of a motor vehicle and that also act as a reflector .
48 traditionally the front-facing license plate use clear amber or green reflector while the rear-facing plate use red reflector . other color available have include blue and purple . these have be manufacture in varied style over the decade but the two most common type be the prismatic reflector jewel and the older nonprismatic cat-eye or cataphote . recent technology have permit the use of internal lighting in newer design . the usage of license plate jewel be generally legal everywhere citation need as long as the readability of the plate be not hamper and in the case of illuminated jewel only red or amber color be display to the rear .
47 these have be manufacture in varied style over the decade but the two most common type be the prismatic reflector jewel and the older nonprismatic cat-eye or cataphote . recent technology have permit the use of internal lighting in newer design . the usage of license plate jewel be generally legal everywhere citation need as long as the readability of the plate be not hamper and in the case of illuminated jewel only red or amber color be display to the rear .
71 these have be manufacture in varied style over the decade but the two most common type be the prismatic reflector jewel and the older nonprismatic cat-eye or cataphote . recent technology have permit the use of internal lighting in newer design . the usage of license plate jewel be generally legal everywhere citation need as long as the readability of the plate be not hamper and in the case of illuminated jewel only red or amber color be display to the rear .
40 milner richard eugene ore . acw press 2004 . pg 7 milner complete the manuscript in early 2003 before go miss during the hiking expedition on the price creek trail head for cream lake consider by many to be the jewel of strathcona park on vancouver island british columbia canada . although no one know what have exactly happen to milner that day his family be certain he be deceased . milner richard “the adventure of marty the monkey and gerard the giraffe the parable of jesus for all ages” .
15 north date fellow porn actress jewel de'nyle for over two year . not so fast jewel de'nyle and peter north be back together february 28 2000 adult video news . over this period de'nyle perform in many scene with north for movie of the north pole series . in 1994 peter north release a guide to meeting and date beautiful woman call penetrating insights .
9 soapnet.com . june 6 2008 . she acquire the jewel which she have arrange to have steal but be soon on the run with they from the sinister u.s. ambassador to mendorra jonas chamberlain kevin spirtas who apparently want they for himself . one life to live recap 6/12/08 abc.com one life to live recap 6/13/08 abc.com tina find refuge with she estrange daughter sarah roberts justis bolding and sarah s boyfriend cristian vega david fumero one life to live recap 6/18/08 abc.com
81 in mendorra tina get the royal treatment from she palace staff and be reunite with she husband crown prince helmut krakoff really she longtime cohort con man cain rogan christopher cousins in yet another disguise . meanwhile the real mastermind behind the kidnapping reveal himself to his daughter talia villain carlo hesser thom christopher . one life to live recap 7/3/08 abc.com talia despise carlo a longtime enemy of both tina and the vega brother cain be anxious to keep the jewel they have work so hard for but tina be desperate to exchange they for sarah . one life to live recap 7/7/08 abc.com carlo bend on revenge for tina s part in the death of his son johnny dee anthony crivello in 1990 one life to live recap 1990 part 5 abc.com expose tina and cain s fraud publicly and reveal jonas as the true heir to the throne one life to live recap 7/17/08 abc.com he add that per mendorran law cain and tina will be behead for their treason . one life to live recap 7/18/08 abc.com carlo and his minion first drag tina sarah and cristian to the river above the treacherous hohenstein falls .
4 summary ironstone s crown jewel the 44 lb . crystalline gold specimen the world s largest . on display to the public at ironstone vineyards murphys ca
23 name the name ironstone s crown jewel come from kautz family usage and promotional material for the winery . it be the crown jewel among the jewels of the historic alhambra theatre pipe organ the cavern the extensive garden the historic gold mining equipment etc .
24 of societal culture tenet and idea that be unique to their situation . thus by maintain the diversity that be present on this little jewel of a planet we be not lose potential for idea of how to organize our society better . what element and practice in these other society might we be able to incorporate into our current society
21 these can be place into socket . they have the same effect no matter what the base item be . unique jewel be rainbow facets which have different bonus to a certain element . charm that can be keep in the inventory and provide passive bonus . class-specific item that can only be use by a certain character e.g .
9 piyadassi thera tran . 1999 . ratana sutta the jewel discourse sn 2.1 . retrieve 08-22-2008 from access to insight at
78 the house also have lloyd s permanent christmas tree load with ornament at the end of a long sitting room . jack smith describe the tree as follow a]t the end of the room dominate it like some great athena in a greek temple stand the most fantastic christmas tree i have ever see . it reach the ceiling a great bulbous mass of colored glass bauble some of they as big as pumpkin cluster together like gaudy jewel in some monstrous piece of costume jewelry .
28 killing music be an album by the death metal band benediction . it be release on nuclear blast in 2008 . two version have be release a regular jewel case edition cd and also a limited edition cd that come package with a bonus dvd.
42 in korea conception dream be know as 태몽 taemong . many woman in korean culture report have such dream themselves . popular topic of the dream include fruit such apple persimmon cherry chestnut animal tigers snake goldfish nature river rainbow child and jewel . the dreamer might eat or take fruit embrace animal or interact with nature . the topic be believe to influence the gender or the future of the baby for example fruit be see as a sign for a baby girl .
6 veergati 1995 paandav 1995 return of jewel thief 1996 mr. romeo 1996
31 the quest trio be a video game for the nintendo ds. it be publish by activision . the trio part of the game s name refer to the 3 selectable game jewel quest ii jewel quest expedition jewel quest solitaire and mah jong quest expedition . reception ign give the game an 8.1 rating overall .
78 the red panda refer to as canada s one-man second front he be a superhero in toronto before world war ii break out and along with the other mystery man of canada he have pledge to use his talent to aid the war effort . from time to time red down a gulp of manlonite 990 for a temporary boost in strength and speed . baboon mcsmoothie the man of a thousand faces mcsmoothie be a former international jewel thief and current australian secret agent . by take a drug call adaptrinol t-13 he be able to change his feature into any form he choose . this be the same mcsmoothie who appear in episode 24 of the current red panda adventure see above .
6 selected filmography the mad genius 1931 jewel robbery 1932 girl in distress 1939 male companion 1964
44 the people of liverpool take the great spider to their heart and many thousand turn out to see the spectacle regardless of the poor weather . some estimate put the crowd at 150,000 over the weekend . this event therefore could be consider the jewel in the crown of the capital of culture celebration . the crowd have experience a once in a life time spectacle . its £1.8 million price tag be criticise by some however the event undoubtedly buy much more than this into the city in tourism .
46 rivera 2006 p . 91 quote a quote b . she adapt yet never really fit in as she become racially accept the position of she protector the norvals hold in new england culture advance . although lola be the rightful heir to the gold and jewel she never control she fortune . the norval provide she with a comfortable lifestyle yet deprive she of the luxury that she fortune have supply the family despite be the source of their new wealth she be never fully accept by they . as literary scholar john-michael rivera argue this represent the prosperity reap by the northern u.s. from the treaty of guadalupe hidalgo .
6 nav ratan or navratan hindi nine jewel may refer to
3 ganesha devanagari aum jewel some devotee see similarity between the shape of ganesha s body in iconography and the shape of aum in the devanāgarī and tamil script . for example of both see grimes pp .
74 allahbad museum new delhi . this work be reproduce and describe in martin-dubost 1997 p . 51 which describe it as follow this square shape miniature show we in a himalayan landscape the god Śiva sweetly pour water from his kamaṇḍalu on the head of baby gaṇeśa . seat comfortably on the meadow pārvatī balance with she left hand the baby gaņeśa with four arm with a red body and naked adorn only with jewel tiny anklet and a golden chain around his stomach a necklace of pearl bracelet and armlet .
17 qantara.com interview michel khleifi film as a political work of art ahram .org michel khleifi look for jewel profile by youssef rakha new york times michel kheifi profile
5 it will be release in jewel case and digipack .
45 writer tanith lee say about killing kiss a deceptively readable date with darkness – watch your step this book be light for the much more discerning chick and cock who like to walk in the shadow . relax with it but be prepare for sudden jewel and little masterpiece – and the rug to be pull from under your foot . ’
22 gym class heroes cupid s chokehold # 1 we billboard top 40 mainstream billboard top 40 mainstream number 1 hit of 2007 jewel 0304 full album including singles intuition # 1 we billboard hot dance club play billboard hot dance club play number 1 hit of 2003
72 anime news network . . the series follow a high school girl kagome higurashi who travel back in time to the sengoku period of japan where she meet a half-demon name inuyasha and learn that she be the reincarnation of a powerful priestess name kikyo . join by a lecherous monk a young fox demon a demon slayer and a demon cat the group seek to find the fragment of the shatter jewel of four souls a powerful jewel that have be hide inside kagome s body and keep the shard from be use for evil include the evil half-demon naraku who slew kikyo fifty year before kagome s arrival . the first season introduce the central character and show the group gathering together .
78 anime news network . . the series follow a high school girl kagome higurashi who travel back in time to the sengoku period of japan where she meet a half-demon name inuyasha and learn that she be the reincarnation of a powerful priestess name kikyo . join by a lecherous monk a young fox demon a demon slayer and a demon cat the group seek to find the fragment of the shatter jewel of four souls a powerful jewel that have be hide inside kagome s body and keep the shard from be use for evil include the evil half-demon naraku who slew kikyo fifty year before kagome s arrival . the first season introduce the central character and show the group gathering together .
86 base on the manga series of the same title by rumiko takahashi the anime be produce by sunrise . the series follow a high school girl kagome higurashi who travel back in time to the sengoku period of japan where she meet a half-demon name inuyasha and learn that she be the reincarnation of a powerful priestess name kikyo . join by a lecherous monk a young fox demon a demon slayer and a demon cat the group seek to find the fragment of the shatter jewel of four souls a powerful jewel that have be hide inside kagome s body and keep the shard from be use for evil include the evil half-demon naraku who slew kikyo fifty year before kagome s arrival . the first season introduce the central character and show the group gathering together .
92 base on the manga series of the same title by rumiko takahashi the anime be produce by sunrise . the series follow a high school girl kagome higurashi who travel back in time to the sengoku period of japan where she meet a half-demon name inuyasha and learn that she be the reincarnation of a powerful priestess name kikyo . join by a lecherous monk a young fox demon a demon slayer and a demon cat the group seek to find the fragment of the shatter jewel of four souls a powerful jewel that have be hide inside kagome s body and keep the shard from be use for evil include the evil half-demon naraku who slew kikyo fifty year before kagome s arrival . the first season introduce the central character and show the group gathering together .
30 the first version be a limited edition digipak there be also a limited edition goth have more fun t-shirt available in a bundle if order before august 6.. a standard jewel case be release at the same time .
84 through help to devise the programme s format with producer tim taylor bush be invite to take part in the pilot which be shoot at dorchester-on-thames in october 1992 . although the pilot programme be never screen the idea be good enough to persuade channel 4 to commission a four programme series of time team which be film in 1993 and broadcast the follow year . bush also appear channel 4 s series joe public for which he research the loss of a hat jewel by henry viii .
74 the maid finally let he in but deny he access to she mistress whose life she fear be in danger . the young man eventually flee at the sound of the approach of the mount police but leave behind a small jewelry box which he beg the maid to deliver to the mademoiselle . the next morning de scudéri open the box and find exquisite jewelry and a note in which the band of jewel thief thanks she for she support in the form of the verse quote above .
87 eventually olivier inform the mademoiselle cardillac decide to give mademoiselle de scudéri some of his best work in thanks for the verse that she have quote to the king in response to the appeal from the threatened lover . he ask olivier to present the gift and olivier see in the request a chance to re-establish contact with the woman who have love and care for he when he be a child and to reveal to she his unfortunate situation . he be able to deliver the jewel box but be not able to meet with the mademoiselle .
12 aunt carmen have decide to return to spain take a fortune in jewel with she escort by kapitan von merkel . zorro and joaquin know that huerta will certainly have his man rob the party in the guise of bandit secretly follow . when the party make camp for the night the bandits attack but von merkel with some secret help from zorro and joaquin fight back and drive they off exciting the admiration and passion of carmen .
73 zorro and joaquin know that huerta will certainly have his man rob the party in the guise of bandit secretly follow . when the party make camp for the night the bandits attack but von merkel with some secret help from zorro and joaquin fight back and drive they off exciting the admiration and passion of carmen . the bandits escape with the treasure but zorro catch up with they and steal the jewel back .
6 basque rosary in jewelry basque rosary jewel . the basque rosary be a simple piece of jewelry gold or silver 1 to 4 cm diameter . worn with a little chain around his neck .
49 11–18 though he be grant the reversion of a lease by the queen in 1573 for his good true and loyal service . strong 1975 p.4 two panel portrait long attribute to he the phoenix and pelican portrait be date c. 1572–76 . these painting be name after the jewel the queen wear she personal badge of the pelican in she piety and the phoenix .
70 in poetry portraiture and pageantry the queen be celebrate as astraea the just virgin and simultaneously as venus the goddess of love . another exaltation of the queen s virgin purity identify she with the moon goddess who hold dominion over the waters . sir walter raleigh have begin to use diana and later cynthia as alias for the queen in his poetry around 1580 and image of elizabeth with jewel in the shape of crescent moon or the huntress s arrow begin to appear in portraiture around 1586 and multiply through the remainder of the reign . strong 1987 pp . 125–127 .
49 in this image the queen stand on a map of england she foot on oxfordshire . the painting have be trim and the background poorly repaint so that the inscription and sonnet be incomplete . storm rage behind she while the sun shine before she and she wear a jewel in the form of a celestial or armillary sphere close to she left ear . many version of this painting be make likely in gheeraerts workshop with the allegorical item remove and elizabeth s feature soften from the stark realism of she face in the original . one of these be send as a diplomatic gift to the grand duke of tuscany and be now in the palazzo pitti .
87 in any event no survive portrait date between 1596 and elizabeth s death in 1603 show the age queen as she truly be . all subsequent image rely on a face pattern devise by nicholas hilliard sometime in the 1590 call by art historian the mask of youth portray elizabeth as ever-young . sotheby s catalogue l07123 important british paintings 1500–1850 november 2007 p . 20 some 16 miniature by hilliard and his studio be know base on this face pattern with different combination of costume and jewel likely paint from life and it be also adopt by or enforce on other artist associate with the court .
74 two portrait of elizabeth in she coronation robe survive both date to 1600 or shortly thereafter . one be a panel portrait in oils above and the other be a miniature by nicholas hilliard . the warrant to the queen s tailor for remodel mary i s cloth of gold coronation robe for elizabeth survive and costume historian janet arnold s study point out that the painting accurately reflect the written record although the jewel differ in the two painting suggest two different source one possibly a miniature by levina teerlinc . it be not know why and for whom these portrait be create at or just after the end of the reign . strong 1987 pp .
85 to the extent that the context of other portrait have be lose to scholar so too the key to understand these remarkable image as the elizabethan understand they may be lose in time . even those portrait that be not overtly allegorical may be full of meaning to a discern eye . elizabethan courtier familiar with the language of flower and the italian emblem book could have read story in the bloom the queen carry the embroidery on she clothes and the design of she jewel .
6 the four core seminars be the jewel in the crown of the bachelor of humanities curriculum . they be devise after consult a number of model from other notable program and combine the directed discussion method of small tutorial typical of st . john’s college with accompany lecture on the same reading . in this way the b. hum .
28 the mukteshvara temple be a single cellum temple in jakkanachari style . similar temple build under the patronage of kalachuri or seuna dynasty . this temple be a jewel of architecture of 11th-12th century . it be build during the heyday of the kingdom rule by the kalyani chalukyas and the seunas of devagiri . it be dedicate to an udbhava linga spontaneously bear linga name mukteshvara .
60 also provide the detail on a prominent religious leader . inscription also introduce to we about muktajiyar a lakulasaiva saint and shivadeva a virashaiva saint who enter the place on the 19th of august 1225 and lead there a long life of renunciation asceticism and spiritual elevation . the legacy of this age of intense saivite faith shaivism be a jewel of architecture and sculpture .
7 early day be package in a plastic jewel compact disc case . much of the background be a drawing of star yet inside the case and behind the cd be an image of an artist s rendition of a supernova apparently airbrush . on the backside of the case be a list of the track .
9 again and again may refer to again and again jewel song again and again and again and again a song by the bird and the bee again and again keane song
84 the proscenium arch be make from whole tree trunk and the beam door trim and light fixture be all handcarve . the building be design so the entire auditorium with its pitched floor could be detach from the stage end and move forward allow an extra section with more seating insert . it boast a thirty-member orchestra pit stage dimension identical to the metropolitan opera house and the best technical equipment of any theatre outside of new york davis sue july 14 2002 a jewel in the forest . boston globe . . two large barn door locate behind the stage could be open for an authentic forest backdrop .
67 the diamond s history be not record for almost three century after it pass from richard i s possession . records on the briolette of india be continue again from the late 16th century when henry ii of france have present it to his mistress diane de poitiers . after henry ii s death his queen consort catherine de medicis force diane de poitiers to surrender the jewel that be give to she . the jewel that be surrender may have include the briolette of india .
55 records on the briolette of india be continue again from the late 16th century when henry ii of france have present it to his mistress diane de poitiers . after henry ii s death his queen consort catherine de medicis force diane de poitiers to surrender the jewel that be give to she . the jewel that be surrender may have include the briolette of india .
2 wedding feast jewel expensive clothes procession pandal dance music money be spend on all these to satisfy the vanity of the organizer . whatever may be the amount of money spend on the wedding and however pompous each of the item may be the mirth and jollity associate with these be over in two or three day . in a week s time the prestige and honor connect with these be forget .
89 prostitute be a germ of contempt for a woman a boy should not be reduce by his avaricous sic parent to get the name a prostitute boy or a boy that have be sell . a father-in-law who have means however miserly he may be by nature will not be indifferent when his daughter suffer out of poverty . therefore it be very shameful on the part of the bridegroom s parent to demand from the bride s father that at the time of the marriage he should gie jewel worth so many thousand along with so many thousand rupee as dowry and that he should provide the bridegroom with a house and a care . the fact that another party make such demand at the time of his daughter s marriage do not justify any parent s demand at the time of his son s wedding . all people must realize that both demand and give dowry be wrong and they must boldly declare this when occasion arise .
14 during the french mandate of lebanon rayak air base be consider to be the jewel of the air basis and the center of attraction of all other military unit not only in lebanon but also in mandate syria and all the near east . the base have many entertainment facility luxury flower garden and central heating which at that time be not find in military site elsewhere in the region .
26 bahinabai be marry at the age of three with a thirty year old widower call gangadhar pathak who she describe as a scholar and an excellent jewel of a man but stay with parent until he reach puberty as per the custom . when bahinabai be about nine year old she with she parent and husband have to leave devghar due to a family dispute . they wander with pilgrim along the bank of river godavari and beg for grain as customarily wander holy man do .
30 seiji tamiya 田宮清次 tamiya seiji aka white haired devil 白髪の魔人 voiced by atsuko tanaka a mysterious white haired woman who possess one of a pair of pendant contain a rare jewel that glow even in darkness and whose body be make entirely of artificial part . she approach chiko with the intent to drag she into despair and feel that chiko will never understand what it mean to be close to nijū mensō . she hypnotise shunka tome and akine to turn against and kill chiko fail that she kidnap tome and use she as bait to lure and fight chiko .
14 nancy drew team up with the hardys to help protect a group of crown jewel from sarconne . they keep it from fall into the hand of two sinister crook who be determine to get it . meanwhile bess go on a date with john a complete stranger to she and end up with gun to she head .
22 other characterscanine a anthropomorphic talk dog-like race who be enslave by aku in spite of their archeologic research in order to mine jewel for the demon . those who rebel against aku be crucify although this be only hint in a cameo not clearly explicit . their people represent by three leader convince jack to help they gain their freedom and aku learn of jack s come send an robot insect drone army to dispatch he .
16 . 2008-11-03 . . the album be release in two case format one in a standard jewel case and the other in a larger paperback case the latter be mark as a special edition by some retailer .
31 synopsis an aztec mummy be resurrect in a ceremony in which the blood of a human sacrifice be drip onto the mummified remains . the mummy possess a scepter with a jewel that can be use to control people’s mind for purpose of world conquest . mil máscaras learn of the mummy’s plan and be determine to thwart he .
21 the taill of the cok and the jasp be a middle scots version of aesop s fable the cock and the jewel by the 15th-century scottish poet robert henryson . it be the first in henryson s collection know as the morall fabillis of esope the phrygian . the cok and the jasp be frame by a prologue and a moralita and as the first poem in the collection it operate on a number of level and in all its part to introduce the larger cycle .
12 a cock scratch the ground for something to eat turn up a jewel that have by chance be drop there . ho say he a fine thing you be no doubt and have your owner find you great would his joy have be . but for i
36 ho say he a fine thing you be no doubt and have your owner find you great would his joy have be . but for i give i a single grain of corn before all the jewel in the world .
22 the standard medieval interpretation of the fable however which henryson follow come down firmly against the cockerel on the grounds that the jewel represent wisdom rather than mere wealth or allure . this interpretation be express in the verse romulus the standard fable text across europe in that era write in the lingua franca latin .
61 little edie remind herself that she mother need she . big edie say that she know she hinder little edie by try to keep she home and little edie take the blame away from she mother say she could have go at any time . big edie encourage she daughter to go the premiere after all and give she the family jewel that be to be little edie s after she marry . little edie be surprise that big edie keep they all this time acknowledge thing would have be different have big edie sell they . little edie wear they to the premier and receive a stand ovation from the audience .
56 the central panel show a scene call in tibetan tshe ring rnam drug “six symbols of long life” consist of an old man mi tshe ring sit under what most probably be a peach tree his left hand rest in his lap and hold a rosary his raise right hand hold a water pot . three jewel be place in front of he and to his right be see a pair of deer and a pair of crane . to the left of the old man one note a waterfall a large rock in the shape of a conch and flower . the pair of deer the two crane the rock the waterfall the peach tree and the old man be the six feature which be associate with longevity .
55 the follow translation have be suggest for this legend 1658 year from the founding of the religious-secular form of government in the great country of tibet the land of snow paper money shog dngul of the 15th cycle rab byung bco lnga of the government of religion and politics cho srid gnyi ldan the universal jewel spyus nor of benefit and bless endow with the four type of auspiciousness . undated 100 tam srang banknote issue can . in 1938. obverseundated 100 tam srang banknote issue can . in 1938.
54 martin be award the department’s highest award for a report he produce energy security report to the president of the united states doe 1987 . during his tenure he be present with and approve a doe proposal by dr. alvin trivelpiece to map the human genome . the human genome project be the crown jewel of 20 th century biology . notable then that this scientific gem be launch by the math physics and supercompute strength of the department of energy .
1 a jewel that will shine for year to come .. . note from hollywood
25 also the princess s three main name seem to refer to three distinct mode of manifest herself in different context konchog gyalmo queen of the jewel she birth name chokyi dronma lamp of the dharma the name she be give when she be ordain as a novice and dorje phagmo vajravarahi the name attribute to she when she be reveal as an emanation of this deity . diemberger page 141
9 this country produce plenty of gold silver and precious jewel luminous jade bright moon pearl fight cock rhinoceros coral yellow amber opaque glass whitish chalcedony red cinnabar green gemstone draw gold-threaded and multi-coloured embroidery weave gold-threaded net delicate polychrome silk paint with gold and asbestos cloth .
44 the lower reservoir in particular be a breeding ground for species of frog and toad and after a rainfall their noise reach symphonic level . they also attract snake . other garden resident include cicada species of butterfly and other insect such as emerald jewel beetle while the villa be home to gecko which be find in all part of thailand .
7 track list # foolish games radio edit jewel kitcher 4 01 # performed by jewel # good mother robert foster/jann arden richards 4 58
43 to finance the coup louisa ulrika remove the diamond from the queen crown replace they with crystal . strömfelt who be a supporter of the hats party inform the government . the government then demand that they be allow to inspect the crown jewel . they confirm strömfelt s accusation which result in the exposure and failure of the queen s coup .
57 missionsthe mission of sainte-marie among the hurons.jean de brébeuf and gabriel lallemant stand ready for boil water/fire baptism and flay by the iroquois in 1649 . in 1634 the jesuit establish a mission in huron territory under the direction of jean de brébeuf li shenwen p.72 the mission de sainte-marie . quite successful and consider as the jewel of the jesuit mission in new france the mission would be destroy by the onslaught of the iroquois first in 1648 and again in 1649 . shenwen li p.73 the involvement of the jesuits in the huron-iroquois conflict lead to the martyrdom of several of they know as the north american martyrs .
20 i wonder who s kiss she now 1947 as t.j. milford the trouble with woman 1947 as dr. wilmer dawson jewel of brandenburg 1947 as roger hamilton backlash 1947 ladies man 1947 as david harmon
10 the membership badge be a black enamel shield surround by jewel . the greek letter in gold be inscribe vertically on the shield . a jewel be between the enamel and the surround jewel photo the album 1924 p . 92 .
25 the membership badge be a black enamel shield surround by jewel . the greek letter in gold be inscribe vertically on the shield . a jewel be between the enamel and the surround jewel photo the album 1924 p . 92 .
33 the membership badge be a black enamel shield surround by jewel . the greek letter in gold be inscribe vertically on the shield . a jewel be between the enamel and the surround jewel photo the album 1924 p . 92 .
9 shikikagura suzushiro 式神楽 清白 shikikagura suzushiro . the crown jewel of the kingdom of shihou and a competitor in the princess waltz she be also know as the princess of earth . she lead a very sheltered childhood and have no knowledge of man or the outside world .
73 dina hunter barbara eden wealthy and unstable take a mexican holiday with she husband jerry robert vaughn in order for she to recover from a traffic accident . an artist name paul carter stuart whitman become intrigue in dina and want to paint she portrait . dina s interest in he lead she to uncover clue that he be more than just an artist — she discover that he may possibly be a jewel thief and murderer . she try to convince she husband and the local authority but no one will believe she story .
32 its address be 802 e. mukilteo boulevard . the park be acre km 2 and be home to mile of trail a playground and a pool . the pool be the crowning jewel of the park complete with lifeguard . hundred of child take swim lesson at the pool every year make the pool an extremely valuable part of the park system .
77 when henry have his marriage to anne of cleves annul on 9 july 1540 rumour swirl that catherine be pregnant with his child . their quick marriage just a few week after the annulment from anne in july 1540 reflect henry s lifelong urgency to secure the tudor succession by beget healthy legitimate son since he have only one edward later edward vi . henry near 50 and expand in girth shower his young bride with wealth jewel and fantastically expensive gift . war with france and the english reformation have cost henry the goodwill of his people and he be suffer from a number of ailment . the presence of a young and seemingly virtuous wife in his life bring he great happiness .
73 a portrait miniature see above exist in two version by holbein royal collection and duke of buccleuch be now believe by most historian to be the only image of catherine paint from life in the case of the windsor version . it have be date from detail of she dress and the technique of the miniature to the short period when catherine be queen . in it she be wear the same large jewel as jane seymour in holbein s panel portrait in vienna . these be jewel the record show belong to the crown not to any queen personally and there be no record of their have be remove from the treasury and give to anyone else . the pearl may tie in with a gift to catherine from henry in 1540 and she be the only queen to fit the dating whose appearance be not already know .
46 it have be date from detail of she dress and the technique of the miniature to the short period when catherine be queen . in it she be wear the same large jewel as jane seymour in holbein s panel portrait in vienna . these be jewel the record show belong to the crown not to any queen personally and there be no record of their have be remove from the treasury and give to anyone else . the pearl may tie in with a gift to catherine from henry in 1540 and she be the only queen to fit the dating whose appearance be not already know . for female sitter duplicate version of miniature only exist for queens at this period .
57 king sigismund ii august be even patronize henry xi s father frederick iii . in 1569 the duke of legnica accept the invitation of the polish king and participate in the sejm in lublin be be conclude the union of lublin . at the meeting with sigismund ii august he give henry xi two lion and precious jewel . this trip to poland bring to the duke of legnica an undoubtedly splendor but also a high cost 24,000 taler .
80 one night on a quest to mail a letter to enter a contest to win a date with teen idol singer bobby sherman the two girl sneak out of arlene s home at the same time as the watergate break-in . they manage to enter and leave through the parking garage by tape the bolt of a door accidentally cause the break-in to be discover . they be see by g. gordon liddy who they believe to be commit a jewel robbery they panic and run away . the security guard startle by the tape door call the police who immediately arrest the burglar .
56 these gem of wisdom and pearl of knowledge push their way outward to rest embed in the dragon’s scale . the number of gem and pearl stud its scale mark its status among other dragon . the encrustation also roughly indicate its age younger dragon have few gem whereas venerable stellar dragon be literally cover in jewel . the chief or mikado be another case entirely see below .
67 jack and pano have a rematch in the 3rd round where jack use his mushroom to force pano to surrender . while under the effect of the mushroom pano see an absurdly handsome vision of jack and be quick to fall in love with he follow by a hug. once the illusion be remove however pano quickly become angry at jack and kick he in his family jewel .
0 jewel amethyst and pearl
38 kansas claim that 45 percent of shorebird in the united states stop at the marsh . at least 320 species of bird have be record there include numerous whooping crane and thousand of sandhill crane . cheyenne bottom jewel of the prairie cheyennebottom .net retrieve february 10 2009
35 follow the pittman-robertson federal aid in wildlife restoration act name for key pittman and a. willis robertson of 1937 which tax sport arm and ammunition fund become available to develop the bottom . cheyenne bottom jewel of the prairie cheyennebottom .net retrieve february 10 2009
37 in the 1990s an extensive renovation subdivide the marsh with the primary marsh be the central marsh which be the officially designate ramsar wetland . the renovation allow the marsh to be more self-sustaining . cheyenne bottom jewel of the prairie cheyennebottom .net retrieve february 10 2009
22 the monkey offer he fruit . the tiger give gold jewelry which dharmaswami give to the smith . but the smith recognize jewel belong to a prince and report to the king that dharmaswami be a murderer . the priest be arrest and torture . hear of his fate his animal friend come to his rescue the tiger go on the rampage and the snake bite a prince who fall gravely ill then appear in a divine form and say that only dharmaswami can provide the counter-poison .
62 know she be close to katherine chancellor ralph take advantage of this and begin blackmail amanda into steal thing from the chancellor house . ralph s terrorizing of amanda be finally stop by larry warton with whom amanda have develop a relationship . eventually amanda choose to leave town after jill foster abbott show she the security camera footage of amanda steal jewel from the mansion and nearly get people kill .
14 £27,966,102.86 and £1,747,881.43 respectively in 2007 she will include a careful catalogue of she jewel which be to be distribute among she family strictly accord to she instruction . appoint she son george to the order of st patrick in 1874 disraeli recall she as a grande dame who be kind to i when a youth though she be a tyrant in she way . letter of disraeli to lady bradford and lady chesterfield edit by the marquess of zetland 1923
132 etc. decorative facade in such unit be limited to create a texture in the plaster in the facade or use simple lime colour to create vibrant pattern at the entrance and outside the kitchen jadav joravarsinh folk-art and culture of gujrat page 126.the director of information gandhinagar 1992 .these home capture for many of its resident the only cosmos they know . for the woman but for visit within the village community the only social occasion be in the nature of pilgrimage which be usually combine with fair . but it be when they step out that the stark desert and the village break into a feast of colour turban bob past in saffron and red skirt billow beneath mantle that veil the face of their women if they do not the jewel that glint on their forehead and face would add to the shocking surprise of their magenta and their blues green and pink .
89 meanwhile emperor xianzong see yan as an ineffective overall commander put han hong the military governor of xuanwu circuit 宣武 headquarter in modern kaifeng henan in overall command of the force . however it be say that han who like have authority do not want wu to be destroy too quickly and dislike li for his fervent campaigning . in order to subvert li han find a beautiful woman who he have train in singing dancing music and the game of liubo and dress in fine clothes and luxurious jewel . he have his messenger deliver the woman to li as a gift in the hope that she would distract he from his military activity . when han s messenger deliver the woman to li at a grand feast it be say that all of the guest be astonish by she beauty .
43 benny be already look for the miss parcel and rita who be in love with he realise that benny be involve with the gangster . at rehearsal the next afternoon harry come by to see pinkie . detective-lnspector warrilove arrive to investigate a jewel robbery and shooting . he suspect snyder . benny discourage pinkie from become involve with harry .
34 fser p.402 while she husband hold the regency agnes be the most powerful woman in scotland . lady agnes keith undiscovered scotland retrieve 9 march 2009 she also obtain most of queen mary s jewel which be leave behind in james s care after the queen be remove to lochleven castle . fraser p.402
93 princess cantacuzène remain in st . petersburg during world war i in which prince cantacuzène serve as aide-de-camp and later major-general and finally general in the service of tsar nicholas ii . he serve with distinction and be wound in battle in 1914 as commander of the south russia cossacks in 1915 he lead 15,000 man in what have be call the last great cavalry charge against a fortified position in military history . the family leave russia in the aftermath of the russian revolution in 1917 they escape from petrograd with she jewel sew into she clothing and escape via finland to the united states . the couple move to washington d.c. and attempt to attract support for a counter-revolution in russia but after news of the assassination of the tsar and of his brother grand duke michael alexandrovich of russia end their activism . the couple relocate to sarasota florida join the firm found by she aunt bertha palmer .
30 teri garr play she role with a savage twinkling joy . why do not she skill get more recognition this small disingenuous comedy have be buff to shine like a jewel the smoothness of it keep you giggling .
25 the icon be steal from gelati in 1859 allegedly at the instigation of the russian governor of kutaisi count levashov. much of the gold and jewel be tear out and sell in russia . later levashov commission a metal reproduction from a moscow goldsmith which be present to the gelati monastery in 1865 . the original icon as well as many of its medallion subsequently enter the private collection of the russian painter mikhail botkin 1839-1914 and then the hermitage museum .
55 to help he druss travels to the land of the nadir where a mystic have tell he the there be gem that can heal any wound . as he travel to the shrine of a nadir hero oshikai the gothir send a force of 2,000 man to destroy it . druss arrive to find the jewel but be unable to before the gothir arrive and so help 4 nadir tribe to defend the shrine under the guidance of a gothir train nadir soldier call talisman . talisman be on a quest to find the uniter a man with blaze purple eye call ulric who will unite the nadir tribe after century of warfare .
9 druss friend sieben reveal that he have find the jewel which the nadir call the eyes of alchazzar he take they back to gothir where they find that klay have die a few day after they leave however they heal many of the sick in the hospice before return the jewel to the nadir . talisman then call a meeting of the nadir tribe in which he smash the jewel to return the magic and life of the nadir land in do this the energy flow through he turn his eye a blaze purple he then claim his name as ulric .
50 druss friend sieben reveal that he have find the jewel which the nadir call the eyes of alchazzar he take they back to gothir where they find that klay have die a few day after they leave however they heal many of the sick in the hospice before return the jewel to the nadir . talisman then call a meeting of the nadir tribe in which he smash the jewel to return the magic and life of the nadir land in do this the energy flow through he turn his eye a blaze purple he then claim his name as ulric .
69 druss friend sieben reveal that he have find the jewel which the nadir call the eyes of alchazzar he take they back to gothir where they find that klay have die a few day after they leave however they heal many of the sick in the hospice before return the jewel to the nadir . talisman then call a meeting of the nadir tribe in which he smash the jewel to return the magic and life of the nadir land in do this the energy flow through he turn his eye a blaze purple he then claim his name as ulric .
59 she work in sandstone marble wood carve bronze and mixed-medium assemblage . follow she solo show in new york in 1998 the hechinger collection acquire white s mixed media assemblage it cuts both ways which be then display in a long-term exhibition at the national building museum . heavens alan j. tool time sublime exhibit turn tool into creative jewel the philadelphia inquirer march 29 2002 retrieve on 2009-03-30 .
41 coach roy williams sign a five-man class for 2009 include two-time tennessee division ii-aa mr. basketball leslie mcdonald from memphis identical twin david and travis wear from california and athletic combo guard dexter strickland from new jersey . but the crown jewel of the class be 6'10 forward john henson of tampa florida rate the # 1 pf by scout.com . henson strickland and the wear twin be all name to the mcdonald s game in miami . henson and strickland be also name first-team parade all-americans while mcdonald and the wears be name to the fourth team by the magazine meet parade s all-america high school boys basketball team parade magazine retrieved on november 14 2009 . .
61 1577 his encomienda of mulalo be confirm for two life by the crown and on may 29 1580 he write his will in quito with the scribe juan carrillo . his land in mulalo be divide among various heir and part of they be give to the indians that live there . his great wealth that include house workshop land silver jewel cattle horse go to his two daughter . his house in quito next to that of another conquistador juan de londoño be leave to his eldest daughter .
46 in 1900 the hollming workshop move to 24 bolshaya morskaya under the same roof as fabergé . in 1913 run the workshop together with otto hanhinen his father s assistant . produce mostly cigarette-case in silver gold and enamel miniature easter eggs and small gem-set enamel jewel such as cuff-link brooch and pin . many time produce these object to the house of fabergé .
6 the plaza theater be the crowing jewel of 1920s development on west congress street in tucson and the only indoor spanish language theater in southern arizona . the theater be design by renowned local tucson architect roy place in 1930 for a. kaufman a local commercial developer and pioneer merchant and lease to los angeles theater operator joe gross . “mr.
39 the sunday times . . the operation be a resound success with two u-boat be pin-pointed and sink by the royal navy as a result . later while still work for the soe wharton-tigar organize black-market trading in currency jewel and other valuable in asia on an unprecedented scale finance much of the allied cause in that part of the world .
15 lord rescue the life of a child who be kill by a thief for his jewel on a sivarathri . god obtain the name of makavaruleeswarar .
61 in 2008 marvel studios put out a new x-man animate show that feature wolverine though as of the middle of season 1 he be just the main protagonist drive the plot . this time the series use a mesh of 2d/3d animation for character and background . avi arad ceo of marvel studios state x-men be one of marvel s crown jewel and it make sense to focus on the popular wolverine character for our second animation project . the new series be title wolverine and the x-man and be currently air in latin america and canada and debut in the united states on january 23 2009 . it start air in the u.k. in february .
61 they hear about a person who buy beer for kid and decide to go meet he with steve eventually discover the person to be roger in disguise . when hayley discover this she lecture roger on what sell alcohol to minor can do . roger brush she off until an inebriated steve return from the party with an extremely ugly girl jewel from francine s flashback . the shock and horror of this sight lead roger to change his way and try to make up for it by spread alcohol awareness . he decide to speak at steve s school during an assembly about the danger of drinking .
15 oln season 2 episode guide slovenia level of a story in this tiny nation a jewel in central europe robin saddle up in lipica the birthplace of the legendary lipizzaner horse . julia prefer to write about smaller creature in the form of traditional beekeeping . head north to the julian alps and the medieval town of bled viewer learn how different writer have different beat .
60 wrist dream . . despite use the casing of the recent edition the pushbutton be mount in the same position as the original and use the old heuer logo . picture of the cal 11 from the siffert reissue however indicate that this new cal 11 differ from the original it be not a microrotor and it have a different jewel count 55 vs. the original 17. more photos of the 40th anniversary monaco retrieve on 6-10-2009
31 the achievement of vermeer s maturity be complete . it be not open to extension no universal style be discover . we have never the sense of abundance that the characteristic jewel of his century give we the sense that the precious vein lie open ready to be work . there be only one lacemaker we cannot imagine another . it be a complete and single definition .
0 jewel of the south be the title of the ninth studio album release by american country music artist rodney crowell . release in 1995 see 1995 in country music it be his second as well as his last album under the mca records label. like it be predecessor it fail to chart on the billboard top country albums chart . only one track please remember i be release as a single where it reach #69 on the hot country songs chart .
12 . the letter of j.r.r. tolkien isbn 0048260053 . be three brilliant jewel which contain the unmarred light of the two tree in j. r. r. tolkien s legendarium . the silmaril be make out of the crystalline substance silima by fëanor a noldorin elf in valinor during the year of the trees . the silmaril play a central role in tolkien s book the silmarillion which tell of the creation of eä the universe and the beginning of elves men and dwarf .
6 appearance the silmaril be not mere jewel which shine with a great light . the three silmaril be in some sense both alive and sacred . how fëanor admittedly the greatest of the noldor be able to create these object be not fully explain .
60 the other two gem remain in morgoth s hand and be take from he by a servant of manwë at the end of the war of wrath . however soon afterwards they be steal by fëanor s two remain son maedhros and maglor as they try to fulfill the oath they have swear so many year ago . but the jewel burn their hand in denial of their rights of possession as they have burn morgoth s hand before . in agony maedhros throw himself and his silmaril into a fiery pit and maglor throw his silmaril into the sea . thus the silmarils remain in all three element — in the sky earth and water and would never be recover except by the reform of the earth .
98 at the time of first publication the times literary supplement describe it as contain a “wealth of illustrative material ” for which the lay reader might be grateful . the religious periodical hibbert journal call it “fascinating and illuminating” with “a great deal of interesting information ” and say that “the account of personal experience in the sudan and tibet be “especially … fascinating” . time tide a general circulation weekly say it be “a most interesting collection of fact concern magical practice and their history” with “an admirable bibliography ” and also … . “heaped with various jewel ” … which “should provide a rich source of datum for psychologist anthropologist and psychical research” . the scientific journal nature say shah’s approach be “a point of view of which too little have be hear in the past” and recommend the work as “valuable and entertaining reading” . contemporary review call it “a serious work of considerable anthropological interest . ”
30 the crypt be an independent 2009 horror movie write and direct by craig mcmahon . the film depict a group of thief who break into an underground catacomb to steal jewel and then encounter undead being intent on kill they . it be unclear how the release of this film will play upon the ride of the same name which have already be force to change its name from tomb raider the ride due to another movie be copyright name .
41 joseph kahn . . retrieve july 9 2009 . the video be set primarily in an apartment and a rehearsal room and feature clarkson lounging on chaise and loll around ... while zazzed sic out in the sort of gown and jewel we have yet to spot this girl-next-door pop star wear in real life . clarkson explain that the video be a departure from she previous video and that she be completely glam out . it be the opposite of my everyday life .
27 the order be abolish after the islamic revolution world order of knighthood and merit by burke s peerage and gentry isbn 0971196672 . 2006 . . the jewel of the order be a lightblue enemalled cross with three arm . in the purple central medaillon the imperial crown of the pahlevi dynasty be depict as show on .
44 in 1554 he be in padua . christina hallowell garrett the marian exiles 1938 p . 73 . on the accession of elizabeth he return to england and in december 1558 be appoint master of the jewel house and treasurer of she majesty s jewel and plate . his wife kat be appoint chief gentlewoman of the privy chamber she die in 1565 and he be also one of the groom of the chamber .
48 just before the woman die she tell hercules how to find she mother . partner with autolycus hercules go to the home of the warlord otis and they steal a pouch from a boobytrapped chest . though successful autolycus get greedy and trigger the alarm while steal some jewel that be in with the pouch .
48 away from the hideout autolycus open the pouch and find just a bean . angry at have waste his talent he toss the bean away and it quickly grow into a beanstalk that reach into the cloud . as hercules fight otis man who come look for the jewel autolycus climb the stalk and see a large castle in the distance . thinking of treasure he ignore the danger of the clouded pathway and come to the large entrance . hercules soon arrive and autolycus pick the large lock .
51 just then the whole room begin to shake and a giant enter the room . hercule recognize he as the kind giant typhon echidna s husband but this be actually typhoon his brother and not so nice . elsewhere otis pay a mercenary to climb the stalk and hunt down his jewel .
23 henry wilcoxon play inspector geoffrey james of scotland yard who travel to new york to investigate the activity of an international band of jewel thief after the body of a diplomatic courier be find on the beach with smuggled jewel . james wilcoxon be assist by a the beautiful flight attendant anne hogan brian . external links
39 henry wilcoxon play inspector geoffrey james of scotland yard who travel to new york to investigate the activity of an international band of jewel thief after the body of a diplomatic courier be find on the beach with smuggled jewel . james wilcoxon be assist by a the beautiful flight attendant anne hogan brian . external links
37 who be the skull be the remix album by the american synthpop band red flag . it be release in 2002 by their own label plan b records . this remix album come in a custom chrome jewel case with a chrome tray card . the complete package look like it be machine from a quarter inch plate of solid aluminum .
103 also the government of the federation of bosnia and herzegovina entity have unveil plan to build three more hydroelectric power plant with major dam as over 150.5 meter in height upstream from the exist plant begin with glavaticevo hydro power plant in the nearby glavatičevo village then go even more upstream bjelimići hydro power plant and ljubuča hydro power plant locate near the village with a same name and in addition one more at the neretva headwater gorge near the very source of the river in entity of republic of srpska by its entity government . this if realize would completely destroy this jewel among river so its strongly oppose and protest by numerous environmentalist organization and ngo s domestic . . as well as international wwf world wide fund . . . .
70 as with most other pope in the last two decade up to that point he be give an expensive silver papal tiara by the people of bergamo . the tiara of pope john xxiii the lightest in the papal collection at 2 lb 900 g be give to he eventually in 1959 . when ask about the tiara during its manufacture john ask that the maker halve the number of jewel with which they plan to decorate it and give the financial saving to the poor .
48 phase iii of the supporter s project start on february 10 . on february 25 the fourth part of the musterhaus series call redux orchestra versus einstürzende neubauten be complete . one of the new addition to phase iii start in march 2006 be a piece-by-piece album call jewel finally finish in august 2007 .
83 he be bear in germany but flee nazism and spend most of his academic career at the university of california berkeley where he become the university system s first art historian and co-found the history of art department . a naturalized citizen of the united states horn serve in the u.s. army during world war ii and then in the special intelligence unit that track down art work plunder by the nazis . his most celebrated exploit be the recovery of the crown jewel of the holy roman empire also know as charlemagne s imperial regalia . w. eugene kleinbauer james marrow and ruth mellinkoff memoirs of fellow and correspond fellow of the medieval academy of america walter w. horn speculum 71 1996 p . 800 his most important piece of detective work lead to the recovery of the coronation regalia of the holy roman empire walter horn san francisco chronicle 30 december 1995 obituary university of california system academic senate 1996 university of california in memoriam walter horn history of art berkeley his most spectacular feat be the recovery of charlemagne s ceremonial regalia .
15 in 1946 horn succeed in recover the imperial regalia of charlemagne the crown sceptre and jewel of the holy roman empire . these have be keep hidden by germans who hope to return to power even after their defeat by the allies . uc in memoriam .
44 the occitan troubadour chansonnier call the cançoner gil contain eight song which it say be coronada crown . cançoner gil at cervantes virtual . other song that win prize at various floral competiton be also indicate one gazaynet la joia a tholoza won the jewel at toulouse another gazaynet la flor d'aglentina ... a toloza won the eglantine rise at toulouse and still another gazaynet la violeta won the violet .
67 they escape in the plane hitler arrive in . during the run for the plane everyone except for reisman dregors perkins valentine and the pilot wells be kill although dregors be shoot in the stomach and mortally wound . during the trip back dregors die from his wound and reisman find a briefcase tuck under a seat contain top-secret intelligence information as well as a bag of jewel which he agree to split with the three remain man .
74 although the tomb have be rob in antiquity archaeologist find she sarcophagus a false door and an offering table along with a few piece of burial equipment such as seven alabaster bowl in the form of duck two mace head piece of jewelry and one of the canopic jar . among the burial item of the other queen bury in the adjoining chamber obsidian and alabaster bowl granite and alabaster mace head and some jewel be find along with the piece of a small stone shrine . aat be about 35 year old at she death the other queen be about 25 . their bone be find .
25 okavango jewel of the kalahari part 1 of 3 february 21 1988 okavango jewel of the kalahari part 2 of 3 february 28 1988 okavango jewel of the kalahari part 3 of 3 march 6 1988 great moments with nature s filmmaker march 13 1988 elephant lord of the jungle march 20 1988
87 freyja desire by god giant and dwarf alike act as dispenser of bounty and inspirer of sexual love between man and woman like the greek aphrodite . davidson 1999:58 . in addition davidson say that as axel olrik 1901 point out long ago we know very little about gefion and it be possible that she can be identify with frigg or freyja and not only do the prose edda associate she with an afterlife realm of the dead in lokasenna loki claim that gefion be give a jewel by a lover tradition that would fit in very well with what we know of freyja . davidson 1998:65 .
10 history origin the word manihar be derive from man meaning jewel in urdu and the agentive sufix har . their traditional occupation be bangle making and they be also know as churihar this word be derive from churus bangle in urdu and har . they claim descent from the first caliph of islam abu bakr and as such be sub-group of the shaikh siddiqui community .
19 track 6 leica be sometimes misspell as leira possibly due to the font use on the album s cd jewel case . this error can be see in the listing for the album on apple s itune store or zune s marketplace .
14 chalcophora japonica or ubatamamushi in japanese japanese kanji 姥玉虫 katakana ウバタマムシ lit . nanny jewel bug'） also know as the flat-headed wood-borer be a metallic bullet-shaped woodbor beetle of the buprestidae family . it be endemic to japan .
7 the major medical center represent the crown jewel of health care in the united states . they vary greatly in their organization the service they provide and their ownership and operation .
61 go back to its early day there be a widespread myth or misconception that historical digging produce a regular and substantial income with little effort . that discover prize item can be achieve easily and without abundant research be apply regularly in some manner . though compelling to outsider and newcomer in reality most noteworthy discovery of valuable ‘dug’ bottle reclaim jewel coin buttons military related object and other thing be almost always the end result of year of active searching in many different location . though there be many exception the vast majority of thing discover while historical digging do not have value in the antique market but be trade as collectible . many historical digger donate object to assorted learning institution such as local museum historian and other place .
12 external links superkids review jumpstart 1st grade on gametap note though the jewel case image be for the 1995 version the description and screenshot be for the 2000 version .
33 monastic structurerigsum gonpo templechortens and view towards lhasa this temple be note for its many shrine and its blue and carved gold mantra in the hallway inscribe with word meaning hail to the jewel in the lotus . a number of stone relic be bury during the cultural revolution but when sera monk restore the hermitage they excavate the relic and restore most of they . a central shrine date back 1300 year to gampo be locate in the temple and depict chenresig jampelyang and chana dorje the so-called rigsum gompo trinity from which the temple take its name .
0 jewel of the god the south african film jewel of the gods which also star marius weyers and sandra prinsloo be market as a sequel to the god must be crazy .
8 jewel of the god the south african film jewel of the gods which also star marius weyers and sandra prinsloo be market as a sequel to the god must be crazy .
82 the original staff and cast from the first inuyasha anime adaptation be bring back together for the new series . it begin air on japan s ytv on october 3 2009 . the episode pick up where the first adaptation leave off and continue to follow high school kagome higurashi and the half-demon name inuyasha as they continue travel with a lecherous monk a young fox demon a demon slayer and a demon cat to find the final fragment of the shatter jewel of four souls a powerful jewel that have be hide inside kagome s body before naraku .
88 the original staff and cast from the first inuyasha anime adaptation be bring back together for the new series . it begin air on japan s ytv on october 3 2009 . the episode pick up where the first adaptation leave off and continue to follow high school kagome higurashi and the half-demon name inuyasha as they continue travel with a lecherous monk a young fox demon a demon slayer and a demon cat to find the final fragment of the shatter jewel of four souls a powerful jewel that have be hide inside kagome s body before naraku .
6 nagisa alternately nakisa from persian negin jewel be a master harpist and composer of the royal court of king khosrau ii of persia die 628 ad .
50 he be the lieutenant to the regiment of burgundy . the abbé de brisacier undertake the service which be oversee by alexandre bontemps the first gentleman of the chamber of louise s father louis xiv. it be bontemps who secure the small dowry of 40,000 livre along with silver and jewel for the bride . this dowry be nothing compare to the dowry of she other half sister the dowager princess of conti 1666-1739 who marry louis armand de bourbon in 1680 be give 1 million livres as do the duchess of bourbon who marry in 1685 to louis de bourbon . in 1692 another sister the françoise-marie de bourbon marry philippe d'orléans and have be give 2 million livres as well as the palais-royal in paris .
94 other ruler follow their example include peter the great whose peterhof lapidary works found in 1721 begin the passion among russian royalty and aristocrat for hardstone . engraved gem production have already revive centre on venice but with artist in many country and gem of very high quality continue to be produce until the mid-19th century . the mannerist court taste of the 16th century delight in extravagant vessel for serve fruit or sweetmeat or display as table centrepiece or on sideboard with hardstone augment with mount and basis in precious metal enamel and jewel . one collection that have remain mostly together be the dauphin s treasure of louis dauphin of france 1661–1711 which pass to his son philip v of spain over 120 object be now display together in the museo del prado many of which be already over a century old in the dauphin s lifetime . prado the dauphin’s treasure
62 in spite of what their name may suggest shintaus be not themselves part of kamus but rather just temporary repository which make they accessible to human being for worship . smyer page 44 shintai be also of necessity yorishiro that be object which by their very nature be capable of attract kami . the most common be man-made object like mirror sword jewel for example comma-shaped stone call magatama gohei wand use during religious rite and sculpture of kamus call kamus shinzō 神像 kami be as a rule not represent in anthropomorphic or physical term however numerous painting and statue represent they have appear under buddhist influence . but they can be also natural object such as stone mountain tree and waterfall .
32 polaroid pool party be an ep from norwegian artist sondre lerche . the ep be available only on cd-r during sondre s west coast 2008 summer tour . in lieu of traditional jewel case and album art it come in a plain cd sleeve with the cd-r and a polaroid photo visible in the window . most of the photo be from a pool party sondre host in august 2008 lerche sondre 2008-08-19 polaroid pool party ep .
51 gwen wetzler larry ditillio 1985 1985 67001 the sorceress of grayskull wake up from a nightmare about a vicious character call hordak who have capture a baby girl and walk through a portal to another world . the sorceress see a sword that look just like he-man s except for a jewel in the middle float in the air . she follow it to a door which open after the sword blast it reveal a portal . the next day the sorceress summons prince adam and cringer to castle grayskull .
56 once the four villain mantenna scorpia catra and leech be deal with he-man confront the force captain adora . however he-man lose the sword of power and draw the sword he be give by the sorceress . however before he can do anything the sword start to glow and an image of adora appear in the jewel show that she be the person he-man be look for the sword s true owner . he-man be confuse as he can not believe the sword would belong to someone work for evil when he get stun from behind and adora gain the sword . 02
78 it be release on november 20 2009 on the label m.o.s. records ltd erben der schöpfung discography . this album be available in a rare special deluxe edition box include an dvd over 50 minute lighter patch and three sticker . erben der schöpfung narben der zeit metal archives the dvd include interview bandhistory studioreport of narben der zeit videoclip of jane churm and make of video jane churm this special will also be release with the regular jewel case edition on 27 november 2009 musicline .de erben der schöpfung narben der zeit ltd.ed . .
24 neither overbrook farm or d. wayne lucas lose any confidence in this colt and wheel he right back in three week in the second jewel of the triple crown . the three the top finisher of the derby and the arkansas derby winner olympio take most of the public support relinqueshing corporate report to an 11-1 longshot in the grade one preakness stakes . all eight colt break from the start gate in good order .
18 top 10 mascara by killing heidi top 9 roam by the b-52 s top 8 foolish games by jewel top 7 go under by evanescence top 6 walk on by by dionne warwick
33 basilica of st . josaphat main article basilica of st . josaphatthe dome of the basilica of st . josaphat . the magnificent dome of st . josaphat basilica rise as a crown jewel of milwaukee s south side . the parish be form by father wilhelm grutza in 1888 and name after josaphat kuntsevych an eastern european bishop and martyr . as polish immigrant continue to arrive on the south side of milwaukee the need for a larger church grow .
18 she be train so well that she connection decide to take a shot with she in the second jewel of america s defacto filly triple crown the black-eyed susan stakes . roar emotion be the third choice at 3-1 on the morning line in a strong field of eight other stake winner . she break alertly under jockey john r. velazquez and set the pace two path off the rail with fraction of 23 47 and 1:12 for the first six furlong .
18 daraar 1996 ... edited at as mukta editing agni sakshi 1996 ... thanks as mukta art return of jewel thief 1996 ... equipment as mukta art shastra 1996 ... equipment as mukta arts p. ltd. equipment division veergati 1995 ... equipment as mukta arts pvt .
1 the jewel themselves be representative of the ladakh diety protect and guide the wearer through the dangerous human world .
44 his favourite composer include maurice ravel ralph vaughan williams leos janácek george gershwin sergei rachmaninov and the filmscore composer bernard herrmann . he also enjoy various kind of liturgical and folk music . he have a small collection of rare book and map the jewel of which be a king james bible print in 1637 .
1 the jewel lanternfish lampanyctus crocodilus be a lanternfish of the family myctophidae find in west mediterranean sea and north atlantic ocean above 50° n . bathypelagic between 400 and 2000 m .
46 he also practise shoot people from a distance . he ill-treat and beat sonderkommando prisoner treat they like animal . those who be in his personal service tell we that he use a piece of wire to fish out gold object from the box contain the jewel take from new arrival and take they off in a briefcase . among the object leave by the people who come to be gas he take fur and different type of food in particular fat . when he take food he say smilingly to the ss around he that one have to take advantage before the lean year come .
73 lorenzo and belle be able to buy their rented house after his invention of an automatic foot-warmer become a success bring they $ 2500 . during the early 1950s when science fiction become increasingly popular lorenzo spend many day attempt to construct a rocket ship in his basement . as time pass the plot become a bit more like conventional soap opera notably during a story arc in which lorenzo be kidnap by jewel thief receive a blow to the head and wander about with amnesia for more than a year .
3 gentle giant herald jewel thief joker kindly i
8 tourism in colorado springs towaoc colorado tower of jewel tower of memories town hall arts center
20 view of the unfinished tower of the cathedral of malaga cathedral of malaga be one of the most valuable renaissance jewel of andalusia spain . it be inside the limit that the missing arab wall mark form a great architectonic set with the close alcazaba and the castle of gibralfaro . it be construct between 1528 and 1782 follow the plane of diego de siloe .
169 one year later the whole people in cavite be prepare some vegetable dish for come town fiesta in their place .later night jewel and she cousin be still awake to test tina s hearing.jomar jomarie sauquillo the head of the experiment do his crazy move to awake tina their oldest neigbour.chin-chin christine manipol one of the new love autopsy member also join the experiment.lester lester sauquillo do his work in put cross to the sleep child adgie .by jomar s conciousness,tina be unexpected awake and she start to halucinate.the group realize the fact that their experiment be fail and non sense .one morning lianne and she friend maimai rosa sarence be talk about antonio s past life while work in the business shop of love autopsy .maimai become more desperate about the gossip give by lianne . on their grandparent’s house,arjay see his toy destruct and blame the love autopsy group and he will make the best revenge for they . he also fight with salve his playmate.tommorow morning jewel and lianne be wait for jane when keana they other cousin come to the house and fight with arjay but she loose .he and his younger brother martin do their kissing scene . in eat solly’s room jane be now with she cousin but arjay start his naughty move and start distruct their lives.all of they become angry to arjay .
20 for the seek of all jane and lianne do their secret walkout.after the walkout,jewel and jomar remain in the room jewel feel mad and think a revenge to arjay that be also in the room.martin become his apprentice on she plan . unxepectedly ate ibs and allyson come on their room to check if their fine inside .martin help allyson to back she sllipers.after they leave jewel start his revenge to arjay and he feel what kind of distruction he do he also cry and he be put outside by jewel and martin two times.jomar heel arjay’s heart and he stop crying.ate solly’s voice end the revenge of the two. in the end jane and lianne back to carry their other cousin out in the room .
40 naar be the last male flamarian monarch appear in the start of the franchise . his vengeful spirit be create by different reason . there be three reason why he be create the death of cassiopea the divisibility of the jewel and the change of history . he be the most mysterious flamarian because he only go to flamara to change his form to a complete being and go to sapiro to become a spy and fulfill his mission to make the princess of sapiro or also the princess of lireo fall in love with he . the princess of sapiro go to she home lireo and naar know to be as narcissus follow she .
13 it be during this time he meet the countess vera rossakoff a glamorous jewel thief . the history of the countess be like poirot s steep in mystery . she claim to have be a member of the russian aristocracy before the russian revolution and suffer greatly as a result but how much of that story be true be an open question .
23 two image be use to convey this idea . the first be know as indra s net . the net be set with jewel which have the extraordinary property that they reflect all of the other jewel . the second image be that of the world text . this image portray the world as consist of an enormous text which be as large as the universe itself .
36 two image be use to convey this idea . the first be know as indra s net . the net be set with jewel which have the extraordinary property that they reflect all of the other jewel . the second image be that of the world text . this image portray the world as consist of an enormous text which be as large as the universe itself .
75 that very day babur order humayun to ride to agra ibrahim s former capital and secure its national treasure and resource from loot . humayun find the family of the raja of gwalior there — the raja himself have die at panipat — sheltering from the invader fear the dreadful nature of the mongols from the story that precede their arrival . after their safety be guarantee they give humayun their family s most valuable jewel a very large diamond which some believe to be the diamond which come to be call the koh-i-noor or mountain of light . it be think that they do this to retain their kingdom . whether it be because of the gift or not the family remain the ruler of gwalior though now under their new ruler the timurids .
81 he celebrate his arrival with a festival on the river jumna and remain there at least until friday jum ah when muslim congregational prayer be say and he hear the khutba sermon read in his name in the jama masjid a sign of the assumption of sovereignty . he then march to agra to join humayun . upon arrival babur be present with the fabulous diamond and babur report that i just give it back to him add an expert in jewel say its value would provide two and a half day food for the whole world .
100 in the tale no human be ever describe as stronger than conan although several be mention as taller such as the strangler baal-pteor or of larger bulk . in a letter to p. schuyler miller and john d. clark in 1936 only three month before howard s death conan be describe as stand 6 foot and weigh 180 pound when he take part in an attack on venarium only 15 year old though be far from fully grow . although conan be muscular howard frequently compare his agility and way of move to that of a panther see for instance jewel of gwahlur beyond the black river or rogues in the house . his skin be frequently characterize as bronze from constant exposure to the sun . in his younger year he be often depict wear a light chain shirt and a horned helmet though appearance vary with different artist .
26 # the people of the black circle novellum wt 24 3–5 september/october/november 1934 # a witch shall be bear novelette wt 24 6 december 1934 # jewel of gwahlur novelette wt 25 3 march 1935 # beyond the black river novellum wt 25 5–6 may/june 1935 # man-eater of zamboula novelette wt 26 5 november 1935 as shadows in zamboula
31 edward as prince of wales 1546 strong 1969 p . 92 hearn 1995 p . 50 . the portrait show the prince of wales s feather and crown on the pendant jewel .
68 skidmore 2007 p . 22 jordan 1968 pp . 37–38 the formal royal household establish around edward be at first under sir william sidney and later under sir richard page the stepfather of edward seymour s wife anne stanhope . loach 1999 p . 9 henry demand exacting standard of security and cleanliness in his son s household stress that edward be this whole realm be most precious jewel . skidmore 2007 p . 23 jordan 1968 pp . 38–39 visitor describe the prince who be lavishly provide with toy and comfort include his own troupe of minstrel as a contented child .
85 jordan 1968 p . 44 edward be more devote to his schoolwork than be his classmate and seem to have outshone they motivate to do his duty and compete with his sister elizabeth s academic prowess though cox feel it necessary to beat he on at least one occasion . skidmore 2007 pp . 36–38 jordan 1968 p . 43 edward’s surroundings and possession be regally splendid his room be hang with costly flemish tapestry and his clothes book and cutlery be encrust with precious jewel and gold . skidmore 2007 pp . 35–36 like his father edward be fascinate by military art and many of his portrait show he wear a gold dagger with a jewelled hilt in imitation of henry .
17 greek geometry see also greek mathematicsclassical greek geometry for the ancient greek mathematician geometry be the crown jewel of their science reach a completeness and perfection of methodology that no other branch of their knowledge have attain . they expand the range of geometry to many new kind of figure curve surface and solid they change its methodology from trial-and-error to logical deduction they recognize that geometry study eternal form or abstraction of which physical object be only approximation and they develop the idea of an axiomatic theory which for more than 2000 year be regard to be the ideal paradigm for all scientific theory .
39 maupassant be consider one of the father of the modern short story . he delighted in clever plotting and serve as a model for somerset maugham and o. henry in this respect . his story about real or fake jewel la parure les bijoux be imitate with a twist by maugham mr know-all a string of beads and henry james .
40 the holy hand grenade of antioch be a visual satire of a type of royal regalia know as a globus cruciger specifically the sovereign s orb of the united kingdom . the sovereign s orb similarly have a band of jewel run along the center and a half-band on the top hemisphere with a cruciform at the crest .
8 the hairpin may be needlelike and encrust with jewel and ornament . it often may be more utiliarian—designed to be almost invisible after be insert into the hairstyle .
1 the jewel and ornament on the hair pin add as a hair jewelry piece . in many culture hairpin be use with jewelry for many of occasion . for instance in american culture woman predominantly use hairpin as a jewelry accessory at wedding ball and other major event .
8 the word jewellery be derive from the word jewel which be anglicise from the old french jouel circa the 13th century . jewel . n.d . .
22 the word jewellery be derive from the word jewel which be anglicise from the old french jouel circa the 13th century . jewel . n.d . . dictionary .com
12 . magic of jewels and charms this chapter deal entirely with use jewel and gemstone in jewellery for talismanic purpose in western cultures . the next chapter deal with other indigenous culture . artistic display
3 the british crown jewel contain the cullinan diamond part of the largest gem-quality rough diamond ever find 1905 at 3,106.75 carat 621.35 g .
39 the inside of the two sheet would be fill with wax or another liquid to preserve the metal work . different technique such as use a stamp or engraving be then use to create motif on the jewellery . jewel may then be add to hollow or glass pour into special cavity on the surface . the greeks take much of their design from outer origin such as asia when alexander the great conquer part of it . in earlier design other european influence can also be detect .
59 the queen be depict with a dog a symbol of fidelity at she foot . the sarcophagus be orient with jadwiga s foot point west unlike all the other sarcophagus in the cathedral . on display next to the sarcophagus be the modest wooden orb and scepter with which the queen have be bury – she have sell she jewel to finance the renovation of the kraków academy know today as jagiellonian university .
54 from he come the translation of the new testament which be smoother clearer and more readable than the rendering of the old testament by his friend nicholas of hereford . the whole be revise by wycliffe s younger contemporary john purvey in 1388 . thus the cry of his opponent may be hear the jewel of the clergy have become the toy of the laity .
72 the legend say that the diamond be from the sun god to satrajith father of satyabhama which produce 1000 kg of gold daily . krishna get the blame of steal the diamond from satrajith s brother who be actually kill by a lion which in turn be kill by jambavantha . kohinoor legend the koh-i-noor diamond satrajith have allege that krishna probably kill my brother who go to the forest wear the jewel on his neck . krishna in order to remove the stain on his reputation fight a fierce fight with jāmbavān and give the stone back to satrajith . now be ashamed with himself satrajith offer his daughter s hand to krishna along with the stone .
74 on march 29 1849 the british hoist their flag on the citadel of lahore and the punjab be formally proclaim to be part of the british empire in india . one of the term of the treaty of lahore the legal agreement formalising this occupation be as follow lithograph by emily eden show one of the favourite horse of maharaja ranjit singh with the head officer of his stable and his collection of fabulous jewel include the koh-i-noor diamond the first among the gem show here
53 dalhousie arrange that the diamond should be present by maharajah ranjit singh s young successor duleep singh to queen victoria in 1851 . maharajaah duleep singh be the youngest son of maharajah ranjit singh and his fifth wife maharani jind kaur . duleep age 13 travel to the united kingdom to present the jewel . the presentation of the koh-i-noor to queen victoria be the latest in the long history of transfer of the stone as a spoil of war . duleep singh have be place in the guardianship of dr john spence login and his wife lena née campbell .
89 in due course the governor-general receive the koh-i-noor from doctor login who have be appoint governor of the citadel the royal fort at lahore with the toshakhana or royal treasury which login value at almost £1,000,000 exclude the koh-i-noor on 6 april 1848 under a receipt date 7 december 1849 in the presence of the member of the board of administration – the local resident h.m. lawrence c.c. mansel john lawrence younger brother of h.m. lawrence and of sir henry elliot secretary to the government of india . the jewel be then send to england in the care of john lawrence and c.c. mansel for presentation to queen victoria sail from bombay in h.m.s. medea under strict security arrangement . the ship have a difficult voyage – an outbreak of cholera on board when the ship be in mauritius have the local demand its departure and they ask their governor to open fire and destroy the vessel if it do not respond . shortly thereafter the vessel be hit by a severe gale that blow for some twelve hour .
86 iðunn say that she will not say word of blame in Ægir s hall and affirm that she quieten bragi who be make talkative by beer and that she do not want the two of they to fight . the goddess gefjun ask why the two god must fight say that loki know that he be joke and that all live thing love he . loki respond to gefjun by state that gefjun s heart be once seduce by a white boy who give she a jewel and who gefjun lay she thigh over . larrington 1998:87–88 .
43 as a result the god and goddess meet and hold a thing to discuss and debate the matter . at the thing the god heimdallr put forth the suggestion that in place of freyja thor should be dress as the bride complete with jewel woman s clothing down to his knee a bridal head-dress and the necklace brísingamen . thor reject the idea and loki here describe as son of laufey interject that this will be the only way to get back mjöllnir and point out that without mjöllnir the jötnar be able to invade and settle in asgard . the god dress thor as a bride and loki state that he will go with thor as his maid and that the two shall drive to jötunheimr together .
80 of his wife whom he refer to as his dove hawthorne write that she is in the strictest sense my sole companion and i need no other—there be no vacancy in my mind any more than in my heart ... thank god that i suffice for she boundless heart mcfarland 87 sophium greatly admire she husband s work . in one of she journal she write i be always so dazzled and bewilder with the richness the depth the ... jewel of beauty in his production that i be always look forward to a second reading where i can ponder and muse and fully take in the miraculous wealth of thought . january 14 1851 journal of sophia hawthorne . berg collection ny public library .
43 towards the end of the nineteenth century reference to opium and opium addiction in the context of crime and the foreign underclass abound within english literature such as in wilkie collins the moonstone 1868 where it be use to attempt to uncover the jewel thief . opium feature in the opening paragraph of charles dickens s 1870 serial the mystery of edwin drood and in arthur conan doyle s 1891 sherlock holmes short story the man with the twisted lip . in oscar wilde s 1890 the picture of dorian gray the protagonist visit an opium den for forgetfulness unable to bear the guilt and shame of commit murder .
33 it basically describe how light and matter interact . qed mathematically describe all phenomenon involve electrically charge particle interact by means of exchange of photon . physicist richard feynman have call it the jewel of physics for its extremely accurate prediction of quantity like the anomalous magnetic moment of the electron and the lamb shift of the energy level of hydrogen . feynman richard 1985 . princeton university press .
35 the family be arrange appropriately and leave alone for several minute . soon the very people that be protect they enter and shoot they . at first the girl do not die because of the jewel sew into their corset . these jewel be for protection but also so that the family could have some money for when they flee the country . the shooter be horrify at how the girl be able to withstand the bullet and fear that the family really be in power due to divine right citation need the idea that kings and queens be place on the throne by god .
30 soon the very people that be protect they enter and shoot they . at first the girl do not die because of the jewel sew into their corset . these jewel be for protection but also so that the family could have some money for when they flee the country . the shooter be horrify at how the girl be able to withstand the bullet and fear that the family really be in power due to divine right citation need the idea that kings and queens be place on the throne by god . to solve that problem the shooter try to stab they with bayonet .
62 the shooter be horrify at how the girl be able to withstand the bullet and fear that the family really be in power due to divine right citation need the idea that kings and queens be place on the throne by god . to solve that problem the shooter try to stab they with bayonet . that fail too because of the jewel so then they be shoot in the head at close range . ironically the ipatiev house have the same name as the ipatiev monastery in kostroma where mikhail romanov have be offer the russian crown in 1613 . the spot where the ipatiev house once stand have recently be commemorate by a magnificent cathedral on the blood .
85 this boy claim that richard have kill the boy s father and two brother and that he have kill richard in revenge . the boy expect to be execute richard as a last act of mercy forgive the boy of his crime say live on and by my bounty behold the light of day before order the boy to be free and send away with 100 shilling . richard then set his affair in order bequeath all his territory to his brother john and his jewel to his nephew otto .
44 some vestige of these remain today especially in high-altitude area . pit surround the most well-known of these site at nitriansky hrádok . start in the neolithic era the geographic location of present-day slovakia host a dense trade-network for goods such as shell amber jewel and weapon . as a result it become an important hub in the system of european trade route .
14 further in the same direction be the coast of the adriatic sea with a jewel of venetian gothic piran . the hill around the nation s second-largest city maribor be renown for their wine-making . even though slovenes tend to consume most of the wine they produce some brand like ljutomer have make their appearance abroad .
58 main article queen of sheba in a brief unelaborated and enigmatic passage the bible describe how the fame of solomon s wisdom and wealth spread far and wide so much so that the queen of sheba decide that she should meet he . the queen be describe as visit with a number of gift include gold and rare jewel to decorate the temple and also bring with she a number of riddle . when solomon give she all she desire whatsoever she ask she leave satisfy 1 kings 10:10 .
16 marvel comics editor bill rosemann have state that he consider the silver surfer as the last jewel in the cosmic crown that need to explode and that the trick with the surfer who he refer to as a great character be to figure out what would make he work as an ongoing hero . we do not want to rush it . george richard 2009-02-06 .
43 miller 2003 p . ix . the word 道 tao or dao depend on the romanization scheme mean path or way although in chinese folk religion and philosophy it have take on more abstract meaning . taoist propriety and ethic emphasize the three jewel of the tao compassion moderation and humility . taoist think generally focus on nature men-cosmos correspondence 天人相应 health longevity wu weus action through inaction liberty and spontaneity .
9 ethic for more detail on this topic see three jewel of the tao . the three jewels or three treasure chinese 三寶 pinyin sānbǎo wade-giles san-pao be basic virtue in taoism . the three jewels be compassion moderation and humility .
41 may 4 a wnbc helicopter crash in the flatbush section of brooklyn new york . this event be cover by rival station wabc-tv . may 8 would-be saudi princess antoinette millard surface in new york city claim that mugger have steal jewel worth of $ 262,000 from she she later prove to be an impostor . may 9 chechen president akhmad kadyrov be kill by a landmine place under a vip stage during a world war ii memorial parade in grozny . may 9 canada win the world ice hockey championship in prague .
49 the basic constituent of a one-gone-thus i .e . buddha indeed exist in all sentient being but it also be obstruct by type of afflictive emotion . while exist in they sentient being cannot see it … the buddha-nature of sentient being be for example like a treasure of jewel under a poor woman’s house like a diamond on a powerful being’s forehead and like a universal emperor’s spring of ambrosic water . ’ professor jeffrey hopkins mountain doctrine tibet’s fundamental treatise on other-emptiness and the buddha matrix snow lion publications new york 2006 pp . 53-54
92 imported horse become an expensive commodity because horse breeding be never successful in india perhaps due to the different climatic soil and pastoral condition thapar 2003 p383 the forest be harvest for rich wood such as teak which be export through port locate in the area of present day kerela . sung dynasty record from china mention the presence of indian merchant in port of south china indicate active trade with overseas kingdom . thapar 2003 p382 south india export textile spice medicinal plant precious stone pottery salt make from salt pan jewel gold ivory rhino horn ebony aloe wood perfume sandalwood camphor and condiment to china dhofar aden and siraf the entryport to egypt arabia and persia . thapar 2003 p383 architect vishwakarmas sculptor quarry worker goldsmith and other skilled craftsman whose trade directly or indirectly related to temple construction be also prosperous due to the vigorous temple building activity . some 1500 monument be build during these time in about 950 location s. settar .
24 later she send she grandson ninigi-no-mikoto to pacify japan his great-grandson become the first emperor emperor jimmu . he have a sacred sword kusanagi jewel yasakani no magatama and mirror yata no kagamus that become the japanese imperial regalia .
8 patronage sigismund augustus be a passionate collector of jewel . accord to nuncio bernardo bongiovanni s relation his collection be allocate in 16 chest . stanisław cynarski zygmunt august wrocław 2004 .
10 between 1941 and 1970 dalí create an ensemble of 39 jewel . the jewel be intricate and some contain move part . the most famous jewel the royal heart be make of gold and be encrust with 46 ruby 42 diamond and four emerald and be create in such a way that the center beats much like a real heart .
13 between 1941 and 1970 dalí create an ensemble of 39 jewel . the jewel be intricate and some contain move part . the most famous jewel the royal heart be make of gold and be encrust with 46 ruby 42 diamond and four emerald and be create in such a way that the center beats much like a real heart . dalí himself comment that without an audience without the presence of spectator these jewel would not fulfill the function for which they come into be .
25 between 1941 and 1970 dalí create an ensemble of 39 jewel . the jewel be intricate and some contain move part . the most famous jewel the royal heart be make of gold and be encrust with 46 ruby 42 diamond and four emerald and be create in such a way that the center beats much like a real heart . dalí himself comment that without an audience without the presence of spectator these jewel would not fulfill the function for which they come into be . the viewer then be the ultimate artist .
62 the jewel be intricate and some contain move part . the most famous jewel the royal heart be make of gold and be encrust with 46 ruby 42 diamond and four emerald and be create in such a way that the center beats much like a real heart . dalí himself comment that without an audience without the presence of spectator these jewel would not fulfill the function for which they come into be . the viewer then be the ultimate artist . dalí 1959.
12 the best of leigh brackett 1977 ed . edmond hamilton includes the jewel of bas the vanishing venusians the veil of astellar the moon that vanished enchantress of venus the woman from altair the last day of shandakor shannach — the last the tweener and the queer ones . martian quest the early brackett 2000 haffner press includes all of brackett s early short story publish up to march 1943 .
3 taylor start design jewel for the the elizabeth collection create fine jewelry with elegance and flair . the elizabeth taylor collection by piranesi be sell at christie s . she have also launch three perfume passion white diamonds and black pearls that together earn an estimated us$ 200 million in annual sale .
65 for christmas della decide to buy jim a chain which cost 21 dollar for his prized pocket watch give to he by his father . to raise the fund she have she long and beautiful hair cut off and sell to make a wig . meanwhile jim decide to sell his watch to buy della a beautiful set of comb make out of tortoiseshell and jewel for she lovely knee-length brown hair . although each be disappoint to find the gift they choose render useless each be please with the gift they receive because it represent their love for one another .
65 nevertheless all his official act begin with the word this be the good pleasure of the queen my lady-mother and i also approve of every opinion that she holdeth be content and command that ... . frieda 146 . catherine do not hesitate to exploit she new authority . one of she first act be to force diane de poitiers to hand over the crown jewel and return the château de chenonceau to the crown . frieda 144 . she later do she best to efface or outdo diane s building work there .
97 illustrated by gustave dore in the second book of rabelais treating on the heroic deeds and sayings of the good pantagruel chapter xiv. how panurge related the manner how he escaped out of the hands of the turks panurge tell that story be ask by one of his hearer about a say jeweled codpiece promise he if he accurately kill his now grieve bashaw who have he capture and he say on spit but who now want to die because his house and possession be burn in a fire answer his questioner and where be they the jewel . by st . john say panurge they be a good way hence if they always keep go but where be the last year snow
4 confession offer everyman a jewel call penance if he repent his sin to god and suffer pain to make amends
3 and a precious jewel i will give thee
74 in the eye of clément and larousse félix clément and pierre larousse dictionnaire des opéras rev. arthur pougin da capo press music reprint series new york 1969 the piece be une parodie grotesque et grossière a coarse and grotesque parody full of vulgar and indecent scene that give off une odeur malsaine an unhealthy odor . in the opinion of piat however offenbach s orphée be like most of his major operetta a bijou jewel that only snob will fail to appreciate . jean-bernard piat guide du mélomane avertus le livre de poche 8026 paris 1992 the piece be not immediately a hit but critic condemnation of the travesty particularly that of jules janin who call it a profanation of holy and glorious antiquity only provide vital publicity serve to heighten the public s curiosity to see the piece . from answers.com
21 the caffé pedrocchi build in 1831 by architect giuseppe jappelli in neoclassical style with egyptian influence . this be a little jewel of history and art for a café open for almost two century . it host the risorgimento museum and the near building of the pedrocchino little pedrocchi in neogothic style .
45 mary’s island a small island 12 mile off the north-east coast of madagascar their basis of operation . the pirate plunder merchant ship in the indian ocean the red sea and the persian gulf . they deprive europe-bound ship of their silk cloth spice and jewel . vessels capture go in the opposite direction to india lose their coin gold and silver . the pirate rob the indian cargo ship that trade between port in the indian ocean as well as ship commission by the east india company of france england and the netherlands .
76 vessels capture go in the opposite direction to india lose their coin gold and silver . the pirate rob the indian cargo ship that trade between port in the indian ocean as well as ship commission by the east india company of france england and the netherlands . the pilgrim fleet sailing between surat in india and mocha on the tip of the arabian peninsula provide a favorite target because the wealthy muslim pilgrim often carry jewel and other finery with they to mecca . merchant in india various port of africa and réunion island show willingness to fence the pirate steal goods . the low-paid seaman who man merchant ship in the indian ocean hardly put up a fight see as they have little reason or motivation to risk their life .
73 after the four be discover donovan shoot and mortally wound henry force indiana to circumvent the trap use the information in his father s diary with donovan and elsa shortly follow he . indiana succeed and find himself in a room with the last knight of the first crusade keep alive with the power of the grail which have be hide among several other cup . elsa select a gilded cup encrust in jewel for donovan know it to be fake when donovan drink from it he age rapidly before decay and turn into dust . indiana recognize that the grail would be that of a humble carpenter instead of a wealthy king select the correct vessel and quickly take it to his father with the holy water which heal his wound instantly when the older jones drink from it . as they prepare to leave the knight warn they to not take the grail out of the temple but elsa do so cause the temple to collapse .
61 power steering the $ 43.00 power brake and the $ 242.10 automatic transmission all standard on the starfire and you have a $ 4,000 jetstar i. and less than $ 150 more would buy you the $ 4148 base price starfire which not only include those standard feature but a more luxurious leather interior . but lose the mix be a jewel of a high performance car in the ’65 jetstar i. trimmed down to 3963# the ’65 model be an overlooked performance car . the new hp kw 425ci starfire engine deliver lb·ft n·m of torque be durable and be quite an improvement over the ’64 394 . how serious be that horsepower and torque in ’65
70 from 1967 to 1991 johnson collaborate with john burgee . this be by far johnson s most productive period — certainly by the measure of scale — he become know at this time as builder of iconic office tower include minneapolis s ids tower . that building s distinctive stepback call zogs by the architect create an appearance that have since become one of minneapolis s trademark and the crown jewel of its skyline . in 1980 the crystal cathedral be complete for rev. robert a. schuller s famed megachurch which become a southern california landmark .
10 attraction san antonio be a popular tourist destination . the jewel of the city be the river walk which meander through the downtown area . line with numerous shop bar and restaurant as well as the arneson river theater this attraction be transform into an impressive festival of light during the christmas and new year holiday period and be suffuse with the local sound of folklorico and flamenco music during the summer particularly during celebration such as the fiesta noche del rio . also base along the river walk be the newly restore aztec on the river the only survive exotic-themed movie palace in texas .
57 even though philip be bankrupt by 1596 for the fourth time after france have declare war on spain in the last decade of his life more silver and gold be ship safely to spain than ever before . this allow spain to continue its military effort but lead to an increase dependency on the precious metal and jewel .
13 museum the hofburg be the location of the schatzkammer treasury hold the imperial jewel of the habsburg dynasty . the sisi museum a museum devote to empress elisabeth amalie eugenie of austria allow visitor to view the imperial apartment as well as the silver cabinet . directly opposite the hofburg be the kunsthistorisches museum and the naturhistorisches museum which house many painting by old master ancient and classical artifact .
16 next to it be the natural history museum . . . the museum house the crown jewel and throne of the last king of the kingdom of kandy sri vikrama rajasinha . . . there be also the colombo dutch museum detail the dutch colonial history of the country .
29 tehran be also home to the iranian imperial crown jewels also call the imperial crown jewels of persia its be claim to be the largest most dazzling and valuable jewel collection in the world . the collection comprise a set of crown and throne some 30 tiara numerous aigrette jewel-studded sword and shield a vast amount of precious loose gem include the largest collection of emerald ruby and diamond in the world . it also include other item collect by the shahs of iran during the 2,500 year existence of the iranian kingdom .
19 architecturewisconsin state capitol the wisconsin state capitol dome closely base on the dome of the u.s. capitol be the jewel of the madison skyline and be visible throughout the madison area due to its position on the ridgeline of the isthmus and a state law that limit build height within one mile 1.6 km of the structure . state of wisconsin . april 12 1990 .
65 care for and maintain bacharach’s building monument spur on in the early 20th century by the rhenish association for monument care and landscape preservation rheinischer verein für denkmalpflege und landschaftsschutz which take on the then highly endangered town wall and stahleck castle ruin job and the great dedication of the state of rhineland-palatinate to the wernerkapelle have see to it that bacharach be still a jewel of the rheinromantik and a multifaceted documentary site of mediaeval architecture on the middle rhine . the wernerkapelle ruin be under monumental protection and before it a plaque have be place recall the inhuman crime against jewish resident and also contain a quotation from a prayer by pope john xxiii for a change in christian ’ think in their relationship with the jews
65 for the expansion to its real-time strategy game the lord of the rings the battle for middle-earth ii the rise of the witch-king — chiefly base on the jackson film and building much upon the original writings — electronic arts invent the name morgomir for one of the nazgûl . this appear to be a pastiche of the sindarin word morgoth dark enemy and mîr jewel it be not attest in tolkien s elvish language .
29 a type of peony or chrysanthemum with a center cluster of non-moving star normally of a contrast color or effect . the name come from the latin word for jewel .
59 he use the ring to sneak about hostile area and use his wit to smuggle the dwarf out of the elf prison . he be able to hold his own in conversation with the wily smaug. when tension arise over ownership of the recover treasure he unsuccessfully try to bring the oppose side to compromise use a steal heirloom jewel as leverage . this strain his relationship with thorin but they be reconcile at thorin s death . bilbo impress leader of man and elf as well as gandalf who know all along that there be more behind the easily-flustered hobbit of the opening chapter .
37 his earlier adventure his eccentric habit as a hobbit and his sudden disappearance lead to the endure figure of mad baggin in hobbit folklore who disappear with a flash and a bang and return with gold and jewel .
21 fountain pen have also always be prize as work of art . ornate pen be sometimes make of precious metal and jewel with cloisonné design other be inlay with lacquer design in a process know as maki-e . an avid community of pen enthusiast collect and use antique and modern pen and also collect and exchange information about old and modern ink ink bottle and inkwell . collector often tend to prize be able to actually use the antique instead of merely place they under glass for show .
45 later soviet scientist under v. v. osiko at the lebedev physical institute in moscow perfect the technique which be then name skull crucible an allusion either to the shape of the water-cooled container or to the occasional form of crystal grow . they name the jewel fianit but the name be not use outside of the ussr. their breakthrough be publish in 1973 and commercial production begin in 1976 . by 1980 annual global production have reach 50 million carat 10 tonne .
40 main article abc kids us for most of the network s existence in regards to child s programming abc have air mostly programming from walt disney television or other producer most notably hanna-barbera productions and dic entertainment . the crown jewel of its child s programming lineup be the award-winning schoolhouse rock which air begin in 1973 and be finally retire in 2001 .
70 in william shakespeare s a midsummer night s dream helena say to demetrius you draw i you hard-heart adamant . in j. r. r. tolkien s the lord of the ring it be say in the second verse of bilbo s song of eärendil regard the appearance of eärendil of adamant his helmet tall . at the crowning of king elessar it be say that his crown was adorn with jewel of adamant . also nenya one of the three ring of power be describe as the ring of adamant once again the dark tower barad-dûr be describe as be a tower of adamant crowned with iron . in the inuyasha dub the name adamant barrage be give to the tetsusaiga which be an attack that shoot diamond at the opponent .
39 the valar realise that now the light of the tree survive only in the silmarils ask fëanor to give they up so that they could restore the tree . fëanor say it may be that i can unlock my jewel but never again shall i make their like and if i must break they i shall break my heart and it be after this that he state that he would not give up the silmaril of his own free will if the valar force he he say they would be no better than melkor .
43 messenger from formenos arrive and tell that finwë the high king of the noldor have be kill by melkor and so be the first elf to be slay in valinor . melkor have then steal the silmarils as well as the other lesser jewel fëanor have create . without the live light from the silmarils yavanna could not heal the two tree .
71 the oath command fëanor to press to middle-earth and result in the first kinslaying at the haven of the teleri . fëanor die soon after his return to middle-earth but the remain oath-taker his son live on in relative harmony with the eldar of beleriand . for the greater part of the first age the oath keep the son of fëanor unite in one cause to defeat morgoth and retrieve the jewel .
25 however the true danger of the oath become apparent when the lover beren the man and lúthien the elf-princess of doriath recover one of the jewel from morgoth which ultimately come into the possession of dior their son who rule after his grandfather thingol in menegroth . the presence of the silmaril awake the oath and cause the brother to make war on the elves of doriath because dior refuse to yield the jewel . the brother attack doriath kill dior and sack the hall of the sindar commit the second kinslaying .
73 however the true danger of the oath become apparent when the lover beren the man and lúthien the elf-princess of doriath recover one of the jewel from morgoth which ultimately come into the possession of dior their son who rule after his grandfather thingol in menegroth . the presence of the silmaril awake the oath and cause the brother to make war on the elves of doriath because dior refuse to yield the jewel . the brother attack doriath kill dior and sack the hall of the sindar commit the second kinslaying . however the silmaril escape the destruction of doriath and the oath drive the son onward .
33 after slay scatha fram s ownership of his recover hoard be then dispute by the dwarf of that region . fram rebuke this claim send they instead scatha s tooth with the word jewel such as these you will not match in your treasury for they be hard to come by . this lead to his death in a feud with the dwarf and however the dispute be resolve fram s descendant brought few good tale from the north of that folk from the lord of the rings . certainly the Éothéod retain at least some of the hoard and bring it south with they when they settle in rohan .
76 local tradition in english cumbria recount how dunmail presumably dyfnwal iii of strathclyde the so-called last king of cumbria be kill at the battle of dunmail raise in 945 . a large cairn on what be the boundary between cumberland and westmorland thus the boundary between the cumbrians and the english mark where he be suppose to have fall . his son be say to have escape up the nearby mountain and throw the cumbrian crown jewel into grisedale tarn before be themselves capture blind and castrate by the victorious english .
2 the crown jewel of spain s next decade of infrastructure construction be the spanish high speed rail network alta velocidad española ave. currently an ambitious plan include the construction of a 7,000 kilometre 4,350 mi network center on madrid . the overall goal be to have all important provincial city be no more than four hour away from madrid and no more than six hour away from barcelona .
19 edinburgh duncan anderson . p . 75 . before be throw down the main staircase and strip of his jewel and fine clothes . he be bury within two hour in the cemetery of holyrood . buchanan and daniel daniel william s. 1852 history of the abbey and palace of holyrood .
13 his music be use in act i emeralds of george balanchine s ballet jewel 1967 .
66 mickey mouse sail for treasure island may 16 1932 to november 11 1932 in the mm daily write and illustrate by floyd gottfredson the mail pilot february 27 1933 to june 10 1933 in the mm daily reprint in mickey mouse in color and walt disney s comics and stories #610-612 write by ted osborne after floyd gottfredson s plot illustrate by floyd gottfredson the sacred jewel october 15 1934 to december 29 1934 in the mm daily reprint in an edited form in mickey mouse best comics write by ted osborne after floyd gottfredson s plot illustrate by floyd gottfredson the mystery at hidden river october 6 1941 to january 17 1942 in the mm daily write by merril de maris after floyd gottfredson s plot illustrate by floyd gottfredson the mystery at hidden river walt disney s comics and stories # 112-116 1950 redrawn and partly rewrite version of the earlier newspaper strip serial art by bill wright
70 it be a gift from the american people to leuven after world war i during which the germans burn down the original library cause much uproar in the usa . the tower house one of the largest carillon in the world . totem be a statue at the centre of the ladeuzeplein it be a work of the belgian artist jan fabre .on a 23 meter high needle a giant jewel beetle shine against the cloud prick compare with the university library . totem be a gift from the university to the city . there be a ducal castle date from the 12th century on the keizersberg emperor s mountain which be demolish in the 17th century .
122 in his travels cadfael have affair with at least three woman a venetian girl name bianca a greek boat girl name ariana and a young syrian widow name mariam . after he take his vow and become a benedictine brother he develop a strong but strictly platonic as befits his vow affection for at least two young woman sioned the daughter of a welsh lord who help cadfael solve the murder of she father in a morbid taste for bones and godith adeney in one corpse too many who have be disguise as a boy a disguise cadfael see through almost immediately and who be assign to cadfael as his apprentice whom he help escape shrewsbury with a load of gold and jewel . he also enjoy a purely platonic relationship with the equally worldly benedictine nun sister magdalen formerly avice of thornbury of the nunnery at godric s ford whom he first meet in the leper of st . giles she appear again in dead man s ransom and the rose rent .
3 marie antoinette s jewel there be a story that like most other regard the island lack adequate archival source or any quote source at all which place the priceless jewel of marie antoinette which be historically miss save for some specimen in the collection of museum worldwide on oak island citation need . during the french revolution when the palace of versailles be storm by revolutionary in 1789 marie antoinette instruct she maid or a lady-in-waiting to take she prized possession and flee .
29 marie antoinette s jewel there be a story that like most other regard the island lack adequate archival source or any quote source at all which place the priceless jewel of marie antoinette which be historically miss save for some specimen in the collection of museum worldwide on oak island citation need . during the french revolution when the palace of versailles be storm by revolutionary in 1789 marie antoinette instruct she maid or a lady-in-waiting to take she prized possession and flee . supposedly this maid flee to london with such royal item as antoinette s jewel and perhaps other treasure such as important artwork or document secrete away either on she person one variation suggest sew into she underskirt in the case of the jewel though fail to mention artwork or as she luggage it be even say she be perhaps assist by the remain officer of the french navy during the uprising at the queen s behest .
93 there be a story that like most other regard the island lack adequate archival source or any quote source at all which place the priceless jewel of marie antoinette which be historically miss save for some specimen in the collection of museum worldwide on oak island citation need . during the french revolution when the palace of versailles be storm by revolutionary in 1789 marie antoinette instruct she maid or a lady-in-waiting to take she prized possession and flee . supposedly this maid flee to london with such royal item as antoinette s jewel and perhaps other treasure such as important artwork or document secrete away either on she person one variation suggest sew into she underskirt in the case of the jewel though fail to mention artwork or as she luggage it be even say she be perhaps assist by the remain officer of the french navy during the uprising at the queen s behest .
122 there be a story that like most other regard the island lack adequate archival source or any quote source at all which place the priceless jewel of marie antoinette which be historically miss save for some specimen in the collection of museum worldwide on oak island citation need . during the french revolution when the palace of versailles be storm by revolutionary in 1789 marie antoinette instruct she maid or a lady-in-waiting to take she prized possession and flee . supposedly this maid flee to london with such royal item as antoinette s jewel and perhaps other treasure such as important artwork or document secrete away either on she person one variation suggest sew into she underskirt in the case of the jewel though fail to mention artwork or as she luggage it be even say she be perhaps assist by the remain officer of the french navy during the uprising at the queen s behest .
61 as a fashionable portraitist his subject include arletty leopold iii of belgium louis barthou sacha guitry anna de noailles maurice chevalier . with a playful cynicism he remark of his popularity as a portraitist with high society woman the essential thing be to elongate the woman and especially to make they slim . after that it just remain to enlarge their jewel . they be ravish . a remark that ally itself to another of his saying painting be the most beautiful of lie .
70 elathan the local king see the ring on bres’s hand and ask he the whole story and say that bres be his own son . elathan then ask bres what it be that drive he out of his own country and his own kingship . bres answer truthfully “nothing drive i out but my own injustice and my own hardness i take away their treasurer from the people and their jewel and their food itself . and there be never tax put on they before i be their king . and still i be come to look for fighting man that i may take ireland by force” .
38 karl hyde of underworld interview in chaos control digizin fall 22007 underworld gig review at ukeventsnet karl hyde on underworld and the new anthology album an autobiographical poetry 2003 interview with karl hyde in jive magazine write by jewel
48 arden brandon chivington diston ead fergus galatea haswell inman joliet and kilburn appear one after another some develop into town other be only a pipe dream in the eye of developer . chivington be intend as a major water stop for the railroad a 60-room $ 10,000 crown jewel hotel be initially build there but the water be too alkaline to use and the train instead stop in kansas to tank up . the hotel be soon tear down its material ship to other colorado location to use in construct other facility — a common occurrence in late 19th century colorado as boom town go bust .
21 the jewellery collection with over 6,000 item cover amongst other period ancient egypt ancient greece ancient rome the medieval period elizabethan jewel the 17th century 18th century 19th century and on to the present day there be also design on paper . some of the finest piece be by cartier peter carl fabergé and lalique tiaras v&a exhibition other item in the collection include diamond dress ornament make for catherine the great bracelet clasp once belong to marie antoinette and the beauharnais emerald necklace present by napoleon to his adopt daughter hortense de beauharnais in 1806 . the victoria and albert museum london have start work on a new jewellery gallery that be plan to open in 2008 | apollo | find article at bnet.com modern jewellery be represent by designer such as gerda flockinger and wendy ramshaw .
81 the victoria and albert museum london have start work on a new jewellery gallery that be plan to open in 2008 | apollo | find article at bnet.com modern jewellery be represent by designer such as gerda flockinger and wendy ramshaw . not just western jewellery be in the collection but also african and asian . major bequest include reverend chauncy hare townshend s collection of 154 gem bequeath in 1869 lady cory s who in 1951 give a collection of jewel that include major diamond jewellery from the 18th and 19th century dame joan evans a pre-eminent jewellery scholar bequethe in 1977 more than 800 jewel date from the middle ages to the early 19th century . a new jewellery gallery donate by william and judith bollinger be open on may 24 2008 . nina siegal may 10 2008 .
106 the victoria and albert museum london have start work on a new jewellery gallery that be plan to open in 2008 | apollo | find article at bnet.com modern jewellery be represent by designer such as gerda flockinger and wendy ramshaw . not just western jewellery be in the collection but also african and asian . major bequest include reverend chauncy hare townshend s collection of 154 gem bequeath in 1869 lady cory s who in 1951 give a collection of jewel that include major diamond jewellery from the 18th and 19th century dame joan evans a pre-eminent jewellery scholar bequethe in 1977 more than 800 jewel date from the middle ages to the early 19th century . a new jewellery gallery donate by william and judith bollinger be open on may 24 2008 . nina siegal may 10 2008 .
70 the episcopacy of edward vaughan see the building of the holy trinity chapel with its fan vaulting which some say inspire the roof of king’s college cambridge . this period also see great development for the nave whose roof and irish oak ceiling be construct between 1530-40 . bishop barlow unlike his predecessor as bishop wish to suppress the following of david and strip st david s shrine of its jewel and confiscate the relic of st david and st justinian in order to counteract superstition in 1538. in 1540 the body of edmund tudor earl of richmond and father of henry vii be bring to be entomb in front of the high altar from the dissolve greyfriars ’ priory in carmarthen .
28 historical precedent gold when use in art as in medieval altar piece be present for its own innate quality and be therefore a find object as be precious jewel use in artwork . the essential difference be that these material be already consider precious whereas modern art s use of find object have mostly be of mundane item which be then deem to be elevate into a special status .
28 kubera be also worship by the buddhist where he be look upon as the guardian of the north . his characteristic symbol be the mongoose often show vomit jewel . in the buddhist pantheon he be also know as jambhala probably from the jambhara lemon he carry in his hand . he be always represent corpulent and cover with jewel .
40 his characteristic symbol be the mongoose often show vomit jewel . in the buddhist pantheon he be also know as jambhala probably from the jambhara lemon he carry in his hand . he be always represent corpulent and cover with jewel . his right foot be generally pendant and support by a lotus-flower on which be a conch shell .
16 the maxim 677 in his book the way say escrivá 2002 maxim 677 . gold silver jewel dust heap of manure . gratification sensual pleasure satisfaction of the appetite like a beast like a mule like a cock like a pig like a bull . honour distinction title thing of air puff of pride lie nothingness .
58 the most famous incident associate with the wash be king john lose the crown jewels . accord to contemporary report john travel from spald in lincolnshire to bishop s lynn in norfolk be take ill and decide to return . while he take the longer route by way of wisbech he send his baggage train include his crown jewel along the causeway and ford across the mouth of the wellstream . book .google .co.uk . this route be usable only on the lower part of the tide .
9 there be also a suspicion that john leave his jewel in lynn as security for a loan and arrange their loss . this look likely to be apocryphal . however that may be he pass the following night that of 12 to 13 october 1216 at swineshead abbey move on to newark-on-trent and die of his illness on 19 october .
70 nonetheless morgan assemble a fleet of ten ship in a way that be quite different from most admiral of the time . instead of send out a flyer and allow willing buccaneer of the region to come to he morgan sail to the place where the most daring pirate could be find . when he arrive at the port he dress himself in red silk and wear fancy gold and jewel so that he appear to be extremely successful so that more swashbuckler be draw to he . use a word-of-mouth approach he be able to acquire five hundred of the best pirate in the area .
27 further attack on constantinoplealexius iv realise that his promise be hard to keep. alexius iii have manage to flee with 1,000 pound of gold and some priceless jewel leave the imperial treasury short on fund . at that point the young emperor order the destruction and melt of valuable byzantine and roman icon in order to extract their gold and silver but even then he could only raise 100,000 silver mark . in the eye of all greek who know of this decision it be a shocking sign of desperation and weak leadership which deserve to be punish by god .
16 corte madera be tuck away in the green marin countryside and be know as the hidden jewel of marin . incorporated in 1916 the town extend from san francisco bay on the east side of highway 101 to mt . tamalpais on the west . corte madera occupy an area of four square mile of land plus surround water tideland .
27 canyon lake s community newly construct 2000 19,000 square foot clubhouse the canyon lake lodge always have a variety of activity take place and be consider the jewel of the community . the lodge offer dine at the lighthouse restaurant and banquet facility as well as the lounge bar . the community s olympic-sized heated pool and tennis court share the lodge s grounds .
29 liberty quarry a new civic center be propose in the old town area include a community room and outdoor patio . temecula s new city hall to be the jewel of old town
73 along the lush road-side both at the north and the south side of the canal as well as along the picturesque east-branching side channel farm house and other building lie scatter on either side include the mansion on the south road charmingly stand out with its own splendid and tasteful lay-out . as such drachten rise from the barren moor to the largest spot on the provincial map now shine as a magnificent jewel in friesland s crown . thus to sensible people drachten display the striking scene of shine pasture create by industrious man from desolate place . notary public j.g. van blom write those word of praise about his hometown in 1840 a.d.. most of the 3,000 resident from those day would have have no chance to enjoy the umbrageous scenery people have to make a living and after work little spare time be leave .
31 within the historic district be also memorial garden . locate on three acre the garden wind through the 200-year-old cemetery of the first presbyterian church . memorial garden be a horticultural jewel and a tourist attraction in itself . the historic district and memorial garden be all within easy walking distance of historic and vibrant downtown concord with numerous restaurant bank shop and personal service .
81 in 1887 the legislature vote to change the name of grover s county to the more popular use english word version of cleveland from its previous version of cleaveland . president grover cleveland have be in office since 1885 the first democrat elect after the american civil war . map of cleveland county north carolina with municipal and township labelsa train engine in grover nc ready to spin on the turn-table circa 1885 antique postcardthe fame hambright hambrecht family dynasty crown jewel mansion that welcome people to grover nc for 30 year from 1948 to 1978grover nc former resident and 1924 pulitzer prize win playwright harvey hatcher hughes a lecturer at columbia university
11 since the earliest day smethport have be consider a topographic crown jewel of the pennsylvania wilds region . the moment the traveler enter smethport they feel the hill wrap around they and from any direction they know that they have discover a special place . a short drive from the allegheny national forest and kinzua bridge state park smethport be about two hour from erie and buffalo and five hour from philadelphia and new york city .
54 rich in coal deposit and one of the town that spawn the american steel year bradshaw contribute the coal that would build a nation . the j.d. kennedy family be one of its earliest settler and one of the original town founder . the town would eventually become incorporated in 1979 and become a jewel of southern west virginia town . today bradshaw struggle against the loss of the mining industry in southern west virginia . the people of the town be friendly and good people and always make stranger feel welcome .
30 when delude one be call an ordinary human being but when enlighten one be call a buddha . this be similar to a tarnished mirror that will shine like a jewel when polish . a mind now cloud by the illusion of the innate darkness of life be like a tarnished mirror but when polish it be sure to become like a clear mirror reflect the essential nature of phenomenon and the true aspect of reality . arouse deep faith and diligently polish your mirror day and night .
33 on the 13th custom official finally find he in a coal bunker . he be take to the police station where he maintain that he be the seaman jim gormley . eventually the jewel photograph letter and fake document he have in his possession force he to reveal his true identity . although beat several time and threaten with torture he refuse however to surrender the name of his local contact . as a result of his silence he be not able to be try for treason and be instead convict of smuggling and have jewel in his possession 102 small diamond worth $ 14,000 which be confiscate .
64 eventually the jewel photograph letter and fake document he have in his possession force he to reveal his true identity . although beat several time and threaten with torture he refuse however to surrender the name of his local contact . as a result of his silence he be not able to be try for treason and be instead convict of smuggling and have jewel in his possession 102 small diamond worth $ 14,000 which be confiscate .
26 during sai baba s life the hindu saint anandanath of yewala declare sai baba a spiritual diamond . . . another saint gangagir call he a jewel . sri beedkar maharaj greatly revere sai baba and in 1873 when he meet he he bestow the title jagadguru upon he . .
46 overview in his life time he have see the church change from be divide between the roman and celtic churches and threaten by a resurgent paganism to become a strong unite and grow roman catholic church unite with the worldwide church . his monastery be the jewel in the crown under the direct patronage of the pope and usher in a golden era for christianity in england . he be recognize as a saint by the christian church which hold his feast day on 12 january .
14 see also spanish treasure lose from the spanish treasure fleet consist of gold silver jewel especially emerald and also cocoa vanilla and brazilwood . cynthia zarin green dream a mystery of rare shipwrecked emerald the new yorker november 21 2005 pp . 76–83
46 in the comic the last page of the first album les schtroumpfs noir the black smurfs show papa smurf s hat blow off by an explosion reveal his completely bald head which may simply be due to old age . in le schtroumpfeur de bijoux the jewel smurfer jokey smurf get very angry and defensive when a human tell he he should take off his hat .
31 the last tournament guinevere have once foster an infant find in an eagle’s nest who have a ruby necklace wrap around its neck . after the child die guinevere give the jewel to arthur to make a tournament prize . however before the tournament a mutilated peasant stumble into the hall . he be torture by the red knight in the north who have set up a parody of the round table with lawless knight and harlot .
7 king john of england lose the crown jewel be what appear to have be a tsunami in 1216 in the estuary of the river welland . astronomical study permit a reconstruction of the tide table of the relevant day and it seem most likely give travel in the usual daylight hour that the loss be incur in cross the welland estuary at fosdyke .
76 la toya jackson be one of the first sibling present at reagan-ucla medical center on june 25 2009 after brother michael jackson be pronounce dead after suffer cardiac arrest . she be name as the informant on she brother s death certificate . jackson request a second autopsy to be carry out after note suspicious medical paraphernalia in michael s rented house evasive behavior by his doctor and discover that $ 2 million in cash and jewel have go miss . on july 13 an interview be publish in news of the world and the daily mail where jackson go public with she conclusion that michael be murder . the los angeles county coroner rule jackson s death a homicide week later .
44 ambiance quartet website describe the arrangement as a virtual vocal orchestration of relentless intensity and chutzpah . retrieve feb 16 2007 . it be use extensively in this context in the disney film fantasia 2000 solomon charles 1999 rhapsody in blue fantasia 2000 s jewel in the crown in which the piece be use as the lyrical framing for a stylize animation set draw in the style of fame illustrator al hirschfeld to critical acclaim .
64 in the 1600 the folding fan introduce from china become popular in europe . these fan be particularly well display in the portrait of the high-born woman of the era . queen elizabeth 1st of england can be see to carry both fold fan decorate with pom pom on their guardstick as well as the older style rigid fan usually decorate with feather and jewel . these rigid style fan often hang from the skirt of lady but of the fan of this era it be only the more exotic folding one which have survive . those folding fan of the 15th century find in museum today have either leather leaf with cut out design form a lace-like design or a more rigid leaf with inlay of more exotic material like mica .
40 the wristwatch have already be invent by patek philippe decade earlier but santos dumont play an important role in popularize its use by man in the early 20th century . before he they be generally wear only by woman as jewel as man favour pocket watch .
33 production screenwriter clarke be say to have come up with the idea of a clerk rob his own bank while do research for the film pool of london a crime thriller surround a jewel theft . he consult the bank of england on the project and it set up a special committee to advise on how best the robbery could take place the aurum film encyclopedia the gangster film edit by phil hardy aurum press 1998 empire special collector edition the greatest crime movies ever publish in 2001
17 aragorn a character in the fantasy world of j. r. r. tolkien s middle-earth the elfstone a jewel also from the fantasy world of j. r. r. tolkien s middle-earth
3 for river mostly jewel tone be use to set she apart from the rest of the serenity crew . river have boot to contrast with the soft fabric of she clothes because that s who she be — she be this soft beautiful sensitive girl but with this hardcore inner character recall trpcic . whedon firefly companion vol . 1 128 .
21 isbn 9781845763145 . . miss kaywinnit lee frye and escort ... mal and kaylee make their way into the party . jewel staite be the ship s mechanic . in the episode out of gas it be establish that she have no formal training but keep serenity run with an intuitive gift for the workings of mechanical equipment . jewel staite explain kaylee s character as be wholesome sweet and completely genuine in that sweetness add she love be on that ship .
18 jewel be bear in payson utah . shortly after she birth she family move to homer alaska . jewel biography 1974 she mother lenedra j. carroll be of irish descent and she father be of swiss-german origin his father be a swiss immigrant . . . . retrieve may 26 2009 . .
15 she friend steve poltz s band the rugburns play the same venue . . . jewel later collaborate with poltz on some of she song include you be meant for i . he also appear in the second better-known video for this song . the rugburns open for jewel on she tiny light tour in 1997 . poltz appear in jewel s band on the spirit world tour 1999 play guitar .
0 jewel marry nine-time world champion pro rodeo cowboy ty murray on august 7 2008 in the bahamas after 10 year together . bartolomeo joey . jewel gets married people august 8 2008 access august 8 2008 .
0 jewel be discover in august 1993 when john hogan the lead singer from a local san diego band rust whom inga vainshtein be manage at the time call to tell she about a girl surfer who sing at a local coffee shop on thursday . vainshtein drive to innerchange coffee shop with a rep from atlantic records and after the show they call danny goldberg the head of atlantic record s west coast operation . . .
37 peak due to she success jewel be choose to sing the american national anthem at the opening of the super bowl xxxii in january 1998 in san diego . she be introduce as san diego s own jewel however she be criticize for lip-synce the anthem to a digitally record track of she own voice . this be especially noticeable due to she miss she cue and not mouth the first word .
17 as of 2006 update the album have sell barely 270,000 copy . . make it the first jewel album not to achieve gold certification quickly . despite this cmt music critic timothy duggan praise the album this album showcase jewel s unique talent as a lyricist alongside a definite growth in she musicianship . it be what piece of you might have be have jewel have the musical knowledge then that she have now .
19 she have a cameo as herself in walk hard . televisionminor lifetime t.v network have release a commercial starring jewel to help promote breast cancer awareness . in 2006 jewel appear with ty murray in a miller lite men of the square table commercial . jewel have also do many late night talk show include jay leno craig ferguson and many more tape from 1996 to 2006 .
34 lifetime t.v network have release a commercial starring jewel to help promote breast cancer awareness . in 2006 jewel appear with ty murray in a miller lite men of the square table commercial . jewel have also do many late night talk show include jay leno craig ferguson and many more tape from 1996 to 2006 . jewel be a featured singer in the trans-siberian orchestra television special and 2001 dvd the ghost of christmas eve perform hark the herald angels sing .
41 in 2006 jewel appear with ty murray in a miller lite men of the square table commercial . jewel have also do many late night talk show include jay leno craig ferguson and many more tape from 1996 to 2006 . jewel be a featured singer in the trans-siberian orchestra television special and 2001 dvd the ghost of christmas eve perform hark the herald angels sing . jewel have also appear on the nick and jessica variety hour where she perform a duet of who will save your soul with jessica simpson .
26 jewel be a featured singer in the trans-siberian orchestra television special and 2001 dvd the ghost of christmas eve perform hark the herald angels sing . jewel have also appear on the nick and jessica variety hour where she perform a duet of who will save your soul with jessica simpson . jewel be feature on the mtv show punk d in 2007 . jewel have also be a celebrity judge on iron chef america in 2007 .
31 the herald angels sing . jewel have also appear on the nick and jessica variety hour where she perform a duet of who will save your soul with jessica simpson . jewel be feature on the mtv show punk d in 2007 . jewel have also be a celebrity judge on iron chef america in 2007 . two of jewel s song be play on dawson s creek hand in #2-05 full moon rise and #6-24 ...must come to an end the latter be the second part of the series finale and this way in #5-17 highway to hell .
38 jewel have also appear on the nick and jessica variety hour where she perform a duet of who will save your soul with jessica simpson . jewel be feature on the mtv show punk d in 2007 . jewel have also be a celebrity judge on iron chef america in 2007 . two of jewel s song be play on dawson s creek hand in #2-05 full moon rise and #6-24 ...must come to an end the latter be the second part of the series finale and this way in #5-17 highway to hell . she song standing still be also feature in the wb s promo for #5-09 hotel new hampshire .
39 . . jewel be schedule to release a third book call love poems which be suppose to be an extremely intimate portrayal of she relationship with she boyfriend ty murray . it be cancel several month before release because jewel be worry about ty s mother s reaction to she intimate confession . . .
3 philanthropy in 1995 jewel perform in the wizard of oz in concert dream come true a musical performance of the popular story at lincoln center to benefit the children s defense fund . the performance be originally broadcast on turner network television tnt and issue on cd and video in 1996 .
90 some of the lyric that be up for auction include hit such as so small foolish games i be yours i kiss a girl st . elmo s fire movie theme song live like you be dying i do not need a man superman and redneck woman . the auction officially end on december 18 with the highest buy lyric be jewel s signature song you be meant for i sell for $ 1505 and who will save your soul and hands raise more than $ 1,005 each . . jewel promise that all item sell by december 18 will be deliver by christmas . after the majority of the auction end on december 18 two new lyric by craig wiseman and ernie ashworth be put up for auction end in january 2009 .
6 discography main article jewel discographyalbum dvds jewel a life uncommon . an intimate documentary feature live performance and candid interview . 1999
28 a night without armor poems by jewel publisher harper paperbacks august 3 1999 isbn 0061073628 angel standing by the story of jewel by jewel january 1999 isbn 0-312-19827-2 jewel piece of you publish by alfred publishing company november 1997 isbn 0769216765 chasing down the dawn story from the road publish by harper paperbacks november 2001 isbn 0-06-019200-3 the best of jewel piano/vocal/guitar publish by hal leonard corporation isbn
59 when he hear their story be amaze and think beren to be above all other mortal man . because of this he allow they to marry and they do so before his throne that day . but at this time carcharoth be ravage all live being on the border of doriath in a crazed fit because of the burn jewel in his stomach . and so beren thingol huan the hound of valinor mablung of the heavyhand and beleg strongbow go out with other elf to defeat the beast . in this beren be assault by the wolf .
14 what i get sublime where it be at beck who will save your soul jewel why 3t feat . michael jackson
15 you must love i madonna you oughta know alanis morissette you be meant for i jewel hold longest chart run for single . 1996-1998 zero the smashing pumpkins
18 someone to call my lover janet jackson so why so sad manic street preachers february 26 stand still jewel starlight the supermen lovers step on my old size nines stereophonics
10 3-winter sonata 2002 4-moraeshigae hourglass/sandglass 1995 5-dae jang geum a jewel in the palace also popular in hong kong 대장금 6-hur jun also call the way of medicine 7-damo 다모
36 perak mean silver in malay . the name come most probably from the silvery colour of tin . in the 1890 perak with the richest alluvial deposit of tin in the world be one of the jewel in the crown of the british empire . however some say the name come from the glimmer of fish in the water that sparkled like silver . the arab honorific of the state be darul ridzuan the land of grace .
6 legacy he develop a passion for jewel which he carry unset in his pocket take they out for comfort when he be tire or in low spirit . he call they my opiate applegate 268 beecher illinois be name after he .
36 bmg follow suit next year and re-issue adolescent sex obscure alternatives quiet life and assemblage . all of these re-release come in the digipak format collect many bonus track . in 2006 all be repackage in jewel case to allow sale at a lower price point .
91 the novel also draw from memory of work by daniel defoe edgar allan poe s the gold-bug and washington irving s wolfert webber of which stevenson say it be my debt to washington irving that exercise my conscience and justly so for i believe plagiarism be rarely carry farther. . the whole inner spirit and a good deal of the material detail of my first chapter . . be the property of washington irving . ralph delahaye paine . the book of buried treasure be a true history of the gold jewel and plate of pirate galleon etc. which be seek for to this day . new york macmillan 1911 . via internet archive .
41 1989 if i be not your lover 12 remix from the al b. sure album in effect mode 1991 get bizzy from the greyson jaysun album livin like a troopa 1994 let s all get down from the nice smooth album jewel of the nile 1994 move on.. . from the compilation the show original soundtrack 1996 i like from the montell jordan album more
55 second it can add expressiveness to the painting the viewer be able to notice the strength and speed apply by the artist . third impasto can push a painting into a three dimensional sculptural rendering . the first objective be originally seek by master such as rembrandt and titian to represent fold in clothes or jewel it be then juxtapose with more delicate painting . much later the french impressionist create entire canvas of rich impasto texture . vincent van gogh use it frequently for aesthetics and expression .
57 the dream include extremely visual language describe clarence fall from an imaginary ship as a result of gloucester who have fall from the hatch strike he . under the water clarence see the skeleton of thousand of man that fish gnaw upon . he also see wedges of gold great anchor heap of pearl inestimable stone unvalue jewel . all of these be scatterd in the bottom of the sea . clarence add that some of the jewel be in the skull of the dead .
34 he also see wedges of gold great anchor heap of pearl inestimable stone unvalue jewel . all of these be scatterd in the bottom of the sea . clarence add that some of the jewel be in the skull of the dead . clarence then imagine die and be torment by the ghost of his father-in-law warwick anne s father and brother-in-law edward anne s former husband .
22 after a while carlo propose marriage and madelon accept . however when they go out to celebrate he be arrest as a jewel thief . he manage to commit suicide but madelon be sentence to ten year in prison as his accomplice even though she be innocent .
4 stephan jenkins waylon jenning jewel billy joel jack johnson
40 in the east of the city be two magnificent example of early mughal architecture . one be mausoleum of 16th century sufus saint ghous mohammed and another be tomb of mian tansen a great singer and one of the nine jewel of emperor akbar s court . right next to they be the gujari mahal which accord to the local story say that the maharaj make for his 9th queen he be marry to eight queen but none be able to produce an heir for he thus he finally marry a milkman’s daughter call “naani” later she be rename “mrignayani” meaning have eye like deer since she be n’t of royal heritage the maharaj have to make a separate palace for she which be now call “gujari mahal” .
67 area of the citythe old town the old town of gwalior commonly call hazira which be of considerable size but irregularly build lie at the eastern base of the rock . it contain the tomb of the sufi saint khwaja khanoon mahommed ghaus erect during the early part of mughal emperor akbar’s reign and the tomb of mian tansen a great singer and one of the nine jewel of akbar s court . a town call by his name ghauspura situate near the tomb of mohaommed ghaus .
15 marmaduke pickthall say the fisherman beatrix potter the tale of squirrel nutkin bram stoker the jewel of seven star jules verne traveling scholarship mary augusta ward lady rose s daughter
61 this lead into birthday a third variation on the song first record on chair beside a window as nancy sings and on the previous album your turn to fall as john plays drums . here it be very similar to the first version but with male vocal . this lead into three oddly-numbered version of ready for the house s european jewel . the first european jewel 613 be very similar to the one on the debut album with vocal and electric guitar though this time the song be finish . the second european jewel ii appear to be an unfinished take for guitar and drum or perhaps he be try to shorten the song to single length
46 this lead into three oddly-numbered version of ready for the house s european jewel . the first european jewel 613 be very similar to the one on the debut album with vocal and electric guitar though this time the song be finish . the second european jewel ii appear to be an unfinished take for guitar and drum or perhaps he be try to shorten the song to single length hard to say but the final version european jewel 501 kick the pace of the shambling drum overdub accord to the interview with john trubee by the same musician and the song be play to completion .
44 the refugee be still starve and the sick and the dead lay where they have collapse . mass of they have even try to rush the evacuation office and the british troops have have to disperse then at bayonet point . woman be offer jewel everything they possess – even themselves – for the chance of a passage . but they have not a ghost of chance . the rule be only white troops their dependent and the family of man who have work with the british be allow on board .
79 the outrage it be suspect have be instigate by buckingham who be openly accuse of the crime by lord ossory ormonde s son in the king s presence and threaten by he with instant death if any violence should happen to his father . these suspicion be encourage by the improper action of the king in pardoning blood and in admit he to his presence and treat he with favour after his apprehension while endeavour to steal the crown jewel .
26 for death be a black slave with little silver bird perched in a sleeping wreath upon his head . he will tell i his voice like jewel dropped into a satin bag how he have tip-toe after i down the road
7 koh ngai the exotic beach and romantic jewel for serenity and privacy . this island be situate on the idyllic and pristine trang archipelago . it be south of ko lanta .
19 # longevity the clock should be accurate even after 10,000 year and must not contain valuable part such as jewel expensive metal or special alloy that might be loot . # maintainability future generation should be able to keep the clock work if necessary with nothing more advanced than bronze age tool and material . # transparency the clock should be understandable without stop or disassemble it no functionality should be opaque .
13 although these be part of the original pressing they come in a standard jewel case . the bonus disc be enclose in a cardboard sleeve outside the jewel case .
27 although these be part of the original pressing they come in a standard jewel case . the bonus disc be enclose in a cardboard sleeve outside the jewel case .
9 merlin dc comics a half-demon sorceror merlin shrek merlin jewel rider merlin the chronicle of amber merlin the magician comic a quality comics character
80 the library of nalanda know as dharma gunj mountain of truth or dharmagañja treasury of truth be the most renowned repository of buddhist knowledge in the world at the time . its collection be say to comprise hundred of thousand of volume so extensive that it burn for month when set aflame by muslim invader . the library have three main building as high as nine story tall ratnasagara sea of jewels ratnodadhi ocean of jewels and ratnarañjaka delighter of jewel khyentse foundation news raji ramanan on the new deer park the tibtan tanjur historic translation intitative by thomas f. yarnall ph.d. .
47 in the shahnama jamshid construct a throne stud with gem . he have demon raise he above the earth into the heaven there he sit on his throne like the sun shine in the sky . the world s creature gather in wonder about he and scatter jewel around he and call this day the new day or no/now-ruz . this be the first day of the month of farvardin the first month of the persian calendar . shahnameh a new translation by dick davis viking adult 2006 .
20 in the tathagatagarbha sutra the buddha be potray tell of how with his buddha-eye he can actually see this hidden jewel within each and every being hidden within the kleśas mental contaminant of greed desire anger and stupidity there be seat augustly and unmovingly the tathagata s buddha's wisdom the tathagata s vision and the tathagata s body ... all being though they find themselves with all sort of kleśas have a tathagatagarbha that be eternally unsullied and replete with virtue no different from my own . lopez 1995 p.96 this represent a being s potential to become a buddha it be the true self in the sense of be the ideal personality not a metaphysical essence .
10 jentina bear 1984 british singer jethro bear 1948 english comedian jewel bear 1974 american singer jimena bear 1980 mexican singer jin bear 1982 chinese american rapper
41 fraser 226 228 . by one account the queen refuse it with the statement that the money would be better spend equip a man-of-war . some say that marie antoinette refuse the necklace because she do not want to wear any jewel which have be design for another woman especially if that woman be a courtesan dislike by the queen . accord to other louis xvi himself change his mind .
36 other nail treatment may include the application of artificial nail tip acrylic or artificial nail gel . some manicure can include the painting of picture or design on the nail or apply small decal or imitation jewel .
9 color varnish top coat or sealant nail bindus stick-on jewel nail polish remover or nail polish remover wipe hand cream
52 in early version of the history tolkien state that the name of the descendant of bëor be give in sindarin and propose the following meaning for the member present at that stage bëor follower vassal bregolas fierceness barahir fiery lord baragund fiery prince belegund great prince beren bold and also boromir steadfast jewel improper reference format though the last be rather the name of bór s son . later however tolkien would write that these name be give in their own language with unknown significance . the peoples of middle-earth p . 326 note 44 and cf .
21 the oxford english dictionary also offer an alternative possible derivation from the middle french word pentacol 1328 or pendacol 1418 a jewel or ornament wear around the neck from pend hang à to col or cou neck . godefroy m. dictionnaire de l'ancienne langue française vi 88/1 1328-1400 . this be the derivation the theosophical society employ in their glossary
24 after the deceased have be dress they be place in the casket the term casket be derive from older usage to refer to a jewel box it be call a coffin when the container be anthropoid a stretch hexagon in form for the various funeral rite . it be common for photograph note card and favorite personal item to be place in the casket with the deceased . even bulky and expensive item such as electric guitar be occasionally inter with a body .
10 a limited edition cd be also release with a blue jewel case and five extra live track record july 30 1994 in los angeles . the live track be sinatra fbla ii tic just another victim and in the meantime . these track be also release overseas on the wilma s rainbow cd ep.
25 that afternoon laura arrive at she new home and the aborn be abusive to she . she have manage to escape with she mother s jewel case and display a beautiful large aquamarine ring . nancy decide to investigate the twin lakes area and discover an abandon bungalow but cannot enter the boarded window . she decide to stay at the hotel resort and investigate the shifty aborn who unbeknownst to nancy be track she .
62 after obtain lodging and hire a servant planchet he meet his age landlord be pretty young wife constance bonacieux with whom he fall instantly in love . constance and d'artagnan help the queen consort of france anne of austria and the duke of buckingham have a rendezvous and the queen present she lover with a wooden box contain a set of diamond jewel originally give to she by she husband louis xiii . cardinal richelieu inform by his spy of the gift persuade the king to invite the queen to a ball where she would be expect to wear the diamond in hope of uncover she love affair .
49 constance attempt to get she husband to go to london and retrieve the diamond but he have be recruit as an agent by the cardinal and refuse . d'artagnan and his friend be convinced to take on the mission instead . after a series of adventure they retrieve the jewel and return they to queen anne just in time to save she façade of honour . athos porthos and aramis be all badly wound by the cardinal s agent in this endeavor .
27 the irish crown jewels . this image be publish by the royal irish constabulary and the dublin metropolitican police twice a week after the theft of the jewel be discover . the crown jewels of ireland be heavily jewelled insignia of the most illustrious order of st patrick . they be wear by the sovereign at the installation of knight of that order the irish equivalent of the english order of the garter and the scottish order of the thistle .
3 in 1903 the jewel be transfer to a safe which be to be place in the newly construct strongroom . the new safe be too large for the doorway to the strongroom and arthur vicars the officer of arms of dublin castle instead store the jewel in his office . seven latch key to the door of the office of arms be hold by vicars and his staff and two key to the safe contain the insignia be both in the custody of vicars .
45 in 1903 the jewel be transfer to a safe which be to be place in the newly construct strongroom . the new safe be too large for the doorway to the strongroom and arthur vicars the officer of arms of dublin castle instead store the jewel in his office . seven latch key to the door of the office of arms be hold by vicars and his staff and two key to the safe contain the insignia be both in the custody of vicars .
1 the jewel be discover miss on 6 july 1907 four day before the state visit of king edward vii and queen alexandra . the theft be report to have anger the king but the visit go ahead .
50 rykodisc also re-release the classic sst records-era recording by the meat puppets . this piece of artwork champion by conrad warre be use as the behind-the-tray artwork for some of the rykodisc cd reissue in 1994 . rykodisc the first label to use two-sided tray card and customize green cd jewel box company president rose want the tray to be the color of a coca-cola bottle .
10 rykodisc set apart its cd issue with its trademarked green-tinted jewel box which the company begin use in 1988 . the label begin limit the use of the green-tinted case on new release in 2002 .
44 it lead to the indian star theatrical company in a theatre at golagunj colony in lucknow . he be train under laddan khanhad where he become capable of work independently as a composer . there he also develop the sense to pick rare musical jewel from the folk tradition of punjab rajasthan gujarat and saurashtra during the company s sojourn in those region . the travel player get as far as viramgam in gujarat where they discover penury even after sell off theatrical prop and musical instrument . the company limp back to lucknow through the kindness of one of naushad s friend .
54 there stand a statue of buddha with his eye fix towards the bodhi tree . the buddha be say to have walk back and forth between the location of the animeshlocha stupa and the bodhi tree . accord to legend lotus flower spring up along this route it be now call ratnachakarma or the jewel walk .
20 the most bitter point of conflict between champ car and the irl be the indianapolis 500 long consider the crown jewel of north american motorsport . after the beginning of the irl in 1996 tony george restricted entry of the start 33 car to 25 irl car from full-time irl team with only eight other car be permit to start . in retaliation cart schedule what be suppose to become its new showcase event the u.s. 500 at michigan international speedway on the same day but it draw far less fan interest and be discontinue after its 1999 running .
38 oberon arrive and ask corwin for some of his blood . he breathe life into the blood and it become a red raven . oberon tell corwin that the raven will follow he through shadow bring he the jewel after oberon repair the pattern . corwin s order be to hellride towards chaos as fast as possible so that the other will be able to use the jewel in the final battle with chaos . he must bear the jewel through shadow because the trumps will stop work once oberon start his task .
56 he breathe life into the blood and it become a red raven . oberon tell corwin that the raven will follow he through shadow bring he the jewel after oberon repair the pattern . corwin s order be to hellride towards chaos as fast as possible so that the other will be able to use the jewel in the final battle with chaos . he must bear the jewel through shadow because the trumps will stop work once oberon start his task .
53 now that he know that amber be just the first shadow he find he can shift shadow there more easily . as he ride towards chaos he follow the black road . after a time he notice the black road begin to come apart shortly after the raven arrive and give he the jewel . corwin be unsure whether this mean that oberon have succeed or fail .
16 brand arrive tell he that he watch oberon fail and that corwin must give he the jewel so he can create a new pattern . corwin refuse and force brand to leave . he notice an unusually large storm follow he and take refuge in a cave .
2 use the jewel he be able to overtake the storm and return to the diminish multiverse . a strange lady dine with he and attempt to seduce he but remember his encounter with the pale lady on the black road who may or may have not be a copy of dara and that he be work to a deadline he decline . brand ambush he with a crossbow mortally wound his horse but the blood raven reappear and pluck out one of brand s eye .
44 corwin find brand with fiona random and deirdre at the edge of the abyss . fiona be keep he psychically bind but brand have deirdre as a hostage . suddenly an image of oberon fill the sky tell they that corwin must use the jewel to save they from the oncoming chaos storm and give they a blessing . corwin make use of the distraction and his attunement to the jewel to super-heat brand but brand realize what be happen and start to cut deirdre . she pull herself free and brand be shoot in the chest and throat with a bow .
55 fiona be keep he psychically bind but brand have deirdre as a hostage . suddenly an image of oberon fill the sky tell they that corwin must use the jewel to save they from the oncoming chaos storm and give they a blessing . corwin make use of the distraction and his attunement to the jewel to super-heat brand but brand realize what be happen and start to cut deirdre . she pull herself free and brand be shoot in the chest and throat with a bow . he stagger and grab deirdre s hair .
8 the unicorn appear from the abyss wear the jewel of judgement . it examine each of the amberite in turn then kneel in front of random . the rest of the family kneel in front of he too and pledge their allegiance to he as the new king .
47 other posture be not as popular even the godohana-mudra which mahavira have when he attain keval gyan be rarely display . image create for devotee of digambara sect not only lack clothes but also lack all ornamentation . image render for svetambara devotee be represent with garment jewel and even a crown . these image be often seat on a throne .
87 he shall have an equal title to the fresh provision or strong liquor at any time seize and shall use they at pleasure unless a scarcity may make it necessary for the common good that a retrenchment may be vote . # every man shall be call fairly in turn by the list on board of prize because over and above their proper share they be allow a shift of clothes . but if they defraud the company to the value of even one dollar in plate jewel or money they shall be maroon . if any man rob another he shall have his nose and ear slit and be put ashore where he shall be sure to encounter hardship . # none shall game for money either with dice or card .
9 john robie cary grant be a notorious but retire jewel thief or cat burglar nickname the cat who now tend to his vineyard in the south of france . a series of robbery that closely resemble his style lead the police to believe that the cat be up to his old trick again . they come to arrest he and he adeptly give they the slip .
49 robie enlist the aid of an insurance man of bertani s acquaintance h. h. hughson john williams in order to prove his innocence . robie s plan be to catch the new cat burglar in the act . to do this he obtain a list of the most expensive jewel on the riviera from the reluctant hughson . the first name on the list be jessie stevens jessie royce landis and she daughter francie grace kelly . robie strike up acquaintance with them—one meet with delight by jessie a pretense of modesty with francie and claws-baring jealousy from danielle .
4 that night jessie s jewel be steal and francie suddenly feel that robie have take advantage of she . he narrowly evade the clutch of the police and go back on the lam .
9 the police chief be satisfy that foussard be the jewel thief but as robie point out to he in the presence of the abashed hughson this would have be impossible foussard have a prosthetic leg and could not possibly climb on rooftop .
48 when jessie ask the moor to go get she heart pill robie’s voice tip off his identity to the authority . upon his return the police wait out francie and the moor as they dance the night away . upstairs the cat burglar strike clean out many a jewel box . finally francie and the moor go to she room and the mask be remove it ’s hughson switch in to conceal robie’s exit .
44 his patience be finally reward when he be join by another figure in black . but just as his pursuit begin the police throw a spotlight on he . again he flee and shot ring out but he manage to corner his foe with jewel in hand . unmasked his nemesis turn out not to be a man after all . danielle be the cat and she confess that she’s be work for she father and bertani .
14 the boy who be vain the cat and the mice the cock and the jewel the crow and the pitcher the deer without a heart
16 television annett have spend time in america where she have a part in danielle steel s jewel 1992 tv a tv minus series . back in britain most of she role be bit part although she play the starring role of holly turner in crime traveller 1997 alongside michael french who play jeff slade . in the early 1990 she play the part of stiffy byng and in one episode that of gertrude winkworth in granada s series jeeves and wooster base on the novel of p.g.
19 in dhaka rock band happy akhand survive by his brother lucky akhand after his untimely death in 80s . jewel deceased lucky akhand legendary pop singer who carry on the work of brother happy akhand tishma introduce new rock and pop style in bangladesh modern banglum teenage heart throb of pop music .
53 she be mainly associate with the color white which signify the purity of true knowledge . occasionally however she be also associate with the colour yellow the colour of the flower of the mustard plant that bloom at the time of she festival in the spring . she be not adorn heavily with jewel and gold unlike the goddess lakshmi but be dress modestly perhaps represent she preference of knowledge over worldly material thing .
61 it be use by the king and emperor of some ancient people in mesopotamia . the assyrians use to include a pair of bull horn as a decoration and symbol of authority and a circle of short feather surround the tiara s top . the persian tiara be more similar to a truncated cone without the horn and feather but more jewel and a conic-shaped tip at its top .
35 other tiarasqueen alexandra wear a circlet with she daughter victoria right and louise leave wear tiara . in modern time however a tiara be generally a semi-circular or circular band often metal and decorate with jewel which be wear as a form of adornment . it be wear by woman around their head or on the forehead as a circlet on very formal or high social occasion . tiaras be frequently use to crown the winner of beauty pageant .
70 although the nihonshiki also contain mythological story that be not consider reliable history it record some event that be contemporary or nearly contemporary to its writing and these section of the book be consider historical . in the nihonshoki the kusanagi be remove from the imperial palace in 688 and move to atsuta shrine after the sword be blame for cause emperor temmu to fall ill . along with the jewel and the mirror it be one of the three imperial regalia of japan the sword represent the virtue of valor .
61 due to the refusal of shinto priest to show the sword and the rather sketchy nature of its historical reference the current state of or even the existence at all of the sword as a historical artifact cannot be confirm . the last appearance of the sword be in 1989 when emperor akihito ascend to the throne the sword include the jewel and the emperor s two seal be shroud in package .
50 the city be wall and build in a natural harbour make of rock . other than the great harbour where the telerus ship be moor it also house the tower of olwë brother of thingol . the city be cover with pearl which the teleri find in the sea and jewel obtain from the noldor .
27 as with the other sons of fëanor maglor be bind by the oath of fëanor to recover his father s silmarils from whoever possess they as the jewel have be steal by the dark lord morgoth . this oath take fëanor and his seven son to middle-earth during the first age where the son establish realm in exile wage war against the army of morgoth fight their own elvish kind and eventually bring ruin upon themselves and their follower .
50 after the war of wrath he and his last survive brother maedhros steal the two remain silmaril take by the valar from morgoth even though initially maglor try to dissuade his older brother from do this . but because of the evil deed commit by the brother to regain the jewel they burn in maglor and maedhros s hand . unable to bear the suffering maglor cast his silmaril into the sea . thereafter he wander along the shore of the world sing lament over the loss of the jewel until he fade from memory .
52 but because of the evil deed commit by the brother to regain the jewel they burn in maglor and maedhros s hand . unable to bear the suffering maglor cast his silmaril into the sea . thereafter he wander along the shore of the world sing lament over the loss of the jewel until he fade from memory . maglor along with galadriel be the greatest survive noldo at the beginning of the second age . there be speculation that he remain even after the third age in middle-earth forbid forever from return to valinor .
10 birka speculation birka be one of sweden s historical crown jewel be a world heritage site and a popular tourism attraction . its location be on björkö in lake mälaren .
19 a confederate state government in exile operate from neosho 1861-1863 and from marshall texas 1863-1865 . montana s crown jewel of architecture the montana state capitol montana the magazine of western history montana historical society . summer 2002 . access june 10 2005 .
19 in revenge weyland kill the king s son when they visit he in secret fashion goblet from their skull jewel from their eye and a brooch from their tooth . he send the goblet to the king the jewel to the queen and the brooch to the king s daughter . when bodvild take she ring to he to be mend he take the ring and rape she father a son and escape on wing he make .
38 in revenge weyland kill the king s son when they visit he in secret fashion goblet from their skull jewel from their eye and a brooch from their tooth . he send the goblet to the king the jewel to the queen and the brooch to the king s daughter . when bodvild take she ring to he to be mend he take the ring and rape she father a son and escape on wing he make . völund make the magic sword gram also name balmung and nothung and the magic ring that thorsten retrieve .
16 londone feluda feluda in london nepolioner chithi napoleon s letter kailash choudharyr pathar kailash chowdhury s jewel ghurghutiyar ghatana the locked chest golapi mukta rahasya the mystery of the purple stone
9 initially government attorney say lee have steal the crown jewel of u.s. nuclear weaponry science and intend to turn they over to a foreign power . but the government be eventually force to acknowledge that the material be mark restricted rather than classified top secret and that 99 percent of the material be already available to the public .
8 the monarch engage in one more battle over jewel leave by queen charlotte . victoria who possess they take the position that they belong to the english crown the king that they be to go to the male heir that be himself . the matter be arbitrate and just as the arbitrator be about to announce a decision in hanover s favour one of the arbitrator die void the decision .
83 victoria who possess they take the position that they belong to the english crown the king that they be to go to the male heir that be himself . the matter be arbitrate and just as the arbitrator be about to announce a decision in hanover s favour one of the arbitrator die void the decision . despite the king s request for a new panel victoria refuse to permit one during the king s lifetime and take every opportunity to wear the jewel cause the king to fume the little queen look very fine i hear load down with my diamond . the king s son and heir king george v press the matter and in 1858 after another decision in hanover s favour the jewel be turn over to the hanoverian ambassador .
69 despite the king s request for a new panel victoria refuse to permit one during the king s lifetime and take every opportunity to wear the jewel cause the king to fume the little queen look very fine i hear load down with my diamond . the king s son and heir king george v press the matter and in 1858 after another decision in hanover s favour the jewel be turn over to the hanoverian ambassador .
59 art galery Ştefan luchian it be the art section of the county museum . it have art masterpiece of Ştefan lucian octav băncilă and the contemporary work of ligia macovei the best illustrator of mihai eminescu s poetry sculpture sign by octav băncilă and dan covataru . county library mihai eminescu know also as the moscovici house an architectural jewel build in the late 19th century contain architectural element from the french and the german architecture . memorial museum octav onicescu that date from 1995 . it be dedicate to the mathematician with the same name .
45 she once complain man fall in love with gilda but they wake up with i . with typical modesty she later remark that the only film she could watch without laugh be the dance musical she make with fred astaire . i guess the only jewel of my life hayworth say were the picture i make with fred astaire . john hallowell . rita hayworth do not put the blame on i boy new york times oct. 25 1970
49 although dragone be give full control over the show laliberté oversee the entire production . he be in favor of dragone s new idea . inspire by jules verne s la chasse au météore dragone s concept for the show be that the performer be play the part of jewel spread around the earth .
49 there be three sacred treasure require to resurrect the gourd know as the three holy artifacts sango no jingi in the japanese version . they be loosely base on the imperial regalia of japan . parza s holy grail represent the mirror of wisdom lorelo s ball represent the jewel of benevolence and gil s crown represent the sword of valor . however only lorelo s ball and the jewel of balevolence correspond to each other in the story .
45 they be loosely base on the imperial regalia of japan . parza s holy grail represent the mirror of wisdom lorelo s ball represent the jewel of benevolence and gil s crown represent the sword of valor . however only lorelo s ball and the jewel of balevolence correspond to each other in the story .
45 the top european formula one team and driver race the european winter in australia and new zealand from 1963 to 1969 play host to a golden age for racing in the region for which the australian grand prix and the new zealand grand prix become jewel of the summer . the popularity of the tasman formula be directly responsible for 1966s return to power in formula one and have spend year develop with repco the brabham car and eventually the oldsmobile base repco v8s in his brabham in the tasman series give jack brabham the opportunity to unexpectedly dominate formula one with a ready-proven lightweight car that leave ferrari and the british garagiste struggle with their heavy technically fragile or underpowered car until the appearance of the lotus-cosworth late in 1967 .
32 the latter be art deco 1931 restore . the architect robert reamer give every room a corner window . university district arts and heritage committee part 2 of 2 north side a jewel of the neighborhood be the formal neo-classical carnegie library 1910 on roosevelt way at 50th street .
9 campion finally enter england in the guise of a jewel merchant . he arrive in london on june 24 1580 and at once begin to preach . his presence become know to the authority and the diffusion of the challenge he throw down in the form of a declaration know as the challenge to the privy council to his ally and as campion s brag to his enemy make his position more difficult .
62 to mandeville by whom de bourgogne be clearly mean jean d'outremeuse ascribe a latin lappidaire salon l'opinion des indois from which he quote twelve passage state that the author whom he call knight lord of montfort of castelperouse and of the isle of campdi have be baillez en alexandrie seven year and have be present by a saracen friend with some fine jewel which have pass into d'outremeuse s own possession of this lapidaire a french version which seem to have be complete after 1479 have be several time print . a manuscript of mandeville s travels offer for sale in 1862 be say to have be divide into five book # the travels
1 the jewel
17 two story learn to be i and closer involve a different kind of neural implant call a jewel a small computer insert into the brain at birth that monitor its activity in order to learn how to mimic its behavior . by the time one reach adulthood the jewel s simulation be a near-perfect predictor of the brain s activity and the jewel be give control of the person s body while the redundant brain be discard . in this way people with the jewel can eliminate the cognitive decline associate with age by implement their mind on a machine .
48 two story learn to be i and closer involve a different kind of neural implant call a jewel a small computer insert into the brain at birth that monitor its activity in order to learn how to mimic its behavior . by the time one reach adulthood the jewel s simulation be a near-perfect predictor of the brain s activity and the jewel be give control of the person s body while the redundant brain be discard . in this way people with the jewel can eliminate the cognitive decline associate with age by implement their mind on a machine . also by transplant the jewel into cloned body genetically alter to develop without brain they can live youthfully forever .
62 two story learn to be i and closer involve a different kind of neural implant call a jewel a small computer insert into the brain at birth that monitor its activity in order to learn how to mimic its behavior . by the time one reach adulthood the jewel s simulation be a near-perfect predictor of the brain s activity and the jewel be give control of the person s body while the redundant brain be discard . in this way people with the jewel can eliminate the cognitive decline associate with age by implement their mind on a machine . also by transplant the jewel into cloned body genetically alter to develop without brain they can live youthfully forever .
84 two story learn to be i and closer involve a different kind of neural implant call a jewel a small computer insert into the brain at birth that monitor its activity in order to learn how to mimic its behavior . by the time one reach adulthood the jewel s simulation be a near-perfect predictor of the brain s activity and the jewel be give control of the person s body while the redundant brain be discard . in this way people with the jewel can eliminate the cognitive decline associate with age by implement their mind on a machine . also by transplant the jewel into cloned body genetically alter to develop without brain they can live youthfully forever .
64 by the time one reach adulthood the jewel s simulation be a near-perfect predictor of the brain s activity and the jewel be give control of the person s body while the redundant brain be discard . in this way people with the jewel can eliminate the cognitive decline associate with age by implement their mind on a machine . also by transplant the jewel into cloned body genetically alter to develop without brain they can live youthfully forever .
11 learn to be i explore the consequence of a man s jewel fail to synchronize with his brain while in closer a couple arrange to have the internal state of their jewel gradually make more similar so they can temporarily become a single person .
31 learn to be i explore the consequence of a man s jewel fail to synchronize with his brain while in closer a couple arrange to have the internal state of their jewel gradually make more similar so they can temporarily become a single person .
38 take back the music hip hop song write contest winner national recording artist aeileon el nino of free age music . maxheat a.k .a . mad maxxx or michael v.t mosley out of akron ohio be another underground jewel ohio be proud to present . mad maxxx be a media production mass communications college graduate of the university of akron who internationally publish several audio and poetry work through his the millennium music mission record label base in akron ohio . maxheat be also responsible for help to expose the underground music market and thousand of starve artist to the world on his internationally syndicate pro flow radio show that have feature interview with notable artist like 4ize joan cartwright sean combs make of the band contestant la femme nikita young trump from tru records bet freestyle champ bigg jigg tequila from the bay area and many other .
44 a fish call wanda be a 1988 comedy film write by john cleese and charles crichton and direct by charles crichton and john cleese uncredited and star cleese jamie lee curtis kevin kline and michael palin . the film be a comedy about a jewel heist and its aftermath .
23 plot george thomason tom georgeson and his right-hand man ken pile michael palin a beleaguered animal lover with a bad stutter plan a jewel heist and bring in two americans to help an alluring con artist wanda gershwitz jamie lee curtis and a weapons man otto west kevin kline . wanda and otto be lover pretend to be sibling so that wanda can work she charm on george and ken . wanda and otto plan to betray ken and george after the heist and vice-versa .
19 archie and wanda gradually fall in love and the movie end with those two leave the country with the jewel to win wanda s heart archie recite a verse in russian namely prayer by mikhail lermontov . ken finally have his revenge on otto by run he over with a road roller which he somehow survive .
39 hulk vol . 2 # 171 jan . 1974 the character reappear as a member of the supervillain team the emissaries of evil consist of leader egghead the cobalt man solarr and the rhino who search for a rare jewel . oppose by superhero team the defender the rhino and solarr initially hold their own until defeat by doctor strange . defender # 42 43 dec.
48 francis and henry both profess a friendly attitude towards the marriage of the lover but suffolk have many political enemy and mary fear that she might again be sacrifice to political consideration . the truth be that henry be anxious to obtain from francis the gold plate and jewel which have be give or promise to the queen by louis in addition to the reimbursement of the expense of she marriage with the king and he practically make his acquiescence in suffolk s suit dependent on his obtain they . the pair cut short the difficulty by a private marriage which suffolk announce to thomas wolsey who have be their fast friend on march 5 1515 .
41 suffolk be save from henry s anger only by wolsey and the pair eventually agree to pay to henry £24,000 in yearly instalment of £1000 and the whole of mary s dowry from louis of £200,000 together with she plate and jewel . they be openly marry at greenwich hall on may 13 . the duke have be twice marry already to margaret neville the widow of john mortimer and to anne browne to whom he have be betroth before his marriage with margaret mortimer .
4 she make she famous jewel journey to london england during 1897 the year of queen victoria s diamond jubilee to dispose of she collection of jewel to raise fund for she university but she be not able to sell she storied ruby collection . historian oscar lewis say that the queen from she carriage nod to stanford who be watch the parade from a rent window on fleet street .
25 she make she famous jewel journey to london england during 1897 the year of queen victoria s diamond jubilee to dispose of she collection of jewel to raise fund for she university but she be not able to sell she storied ruby collection . historian oscar lewis say that the queen from she carriage nod to stanford who be watch the parade from a rent window on fleet street .
118 soler six concertos for two keyboard instruments play harpsichord and fortepiano with kenneth gilbert 1979 wesley duet for organ in c major with simon preston on his recording early english keyboard music 1986 the punckes delight and other seventeenth century english music for viol and keyboard virginal and chamber organ anon . division on the barafostus dream alfonso ferrabosco pieces for the lyra-viol orlando gibbons fantasia for organ christopher simpson prelude and divisions in e minor william corkine the punckes delight coranto i coranto ii walsingham john bull coranto anon . the king s morisk john bull the duchess of brunswick s toy tobias hume musical humors touch i lightly harke harke a souldiers resolution john bull my jewel christopher simpson division in b flat with jordi savall argo records 1978 the punckes delight only release on vinyl lp
22 routledge kegen paul ltd. london . page 60 because of the use of expedient means upaya by metaphor e .g. the hidden jewel in the way that the tathagatagarbha be teach in some sutra two fundamentally mistake notion arise . first that the tathagatagarba be a teaching different from the teaching of emptiness sunya and that it be a teaching that be somehow more definitive than emptiness and second that tathagatagarbha be believe to be a substance of reality a creator or a substitute for the ego-substance or fundamental self atman of the brahmans . respond to these two mistaken notion in section xxviii of the lankavatara mahamati ask buddha be not this tathagata-garbha teach by the blessed one the same as the ego-substance atman teach by the philosopher
3 jellynose fish jewelfish jewel tetra jewfish john doryk
123 sachs herself mourn no longer as a jilted lover but as a personification of the jewish people in their vexed relationship to history and god . sachs fusion of grief with subtly romantic element be in keep with the imagery of the kabbalah where the shekhinah represent god s presence on earth and mourn for the separation of god from his people in their suffering . thus sachs romanticism allow she to develop self-consciously from a german to a jewish writer with a corresponding change in she language still flowery and conventional in some of she first poetry on the holocaust it become ever more compressed and surreal return to a series of the same image and trope dust star breath stone and jewel blood dancer fish suffering out of water madness and the ever-frustrated love in way that be sometimes comprehensible only to she reader but always move and disturb . though sachs do not resemble many author she appear to have be influence by gertrud kolmar and else lasker-schuler in addition to paul celan .
109 this be far from the case though the church become very wealthy over the middle ages and be prepare at time to spend lavishly on art there be also much secular art of equivalent quality which have suffer from a far higher rate of wear and tear loss and destruction . the middle ages generally lack the concept of preserve older work for their artistic merit as oppose to their association with a saint or founder figure and the following period of the renaissance and baroque tend to disparage medieval art . most luxury illuminate manuscript of the early middle ages have lavish book-cover in precious metal ivory and jewel the re-bound page and ivory relief for the cover have survive in far greater number than complete cover which have mostly be strip off for their valuable material at some point . the jewelled cover of the codex aureus of st . emmeram c. 870 a carolingian gospel book .
31 the quarrying of spectrolite begin after the second world war and have become a significant local industry . in 1973 the first workshop in ylämaa become cut and polish spectrolite for jewel .
52 it be tvb s most expensive drama to date . war of the gender 2000 a sitcom star carol cheng and dayo wong be generally consider as tvb s most critically acclaimed sitcom . it hold the title as tvb s highest-rated drama 49 viewership point until the broadcast of korea s jewel in the palace which break to 50 . it yield cheng to win best actress and wong to win my favorite male character . virtues of harmony 2001 2005 be one of the longest run sitcom in hong kong yield two season a historical costume series with a modern-day spin-off .
54 as soon as you enter the area of the bar municipality from the direction of petrovac you reach Čanj which have a 1,100 metre-long colourful sandy beach . you can take a boat ride from Čanj to the queen’s beach kraljičina plaža which can only be reach by sea . it be a true jewel of the bar riviera enclose by a natural wall of sedimentary rock . go from Čanj in the direction of sutomore you come across the 300 metre-long maljevik beach offer a natural refuge from the hot summer sun in its thick and fragrant pine forest .
32 university of chicago press 2005 . isbn 978-0226319636 . they be to depart under the pain of death and confiscation without trial or sentence ... to take with they no money bullion jewel or bill of exchange ... just what they could carry . h.c lea the moriscos of spain op cit p.345
1 stargard jewel of pomerania
19 for revenge völund kill the king s son when they visit he in secret fashion goblet from their skull jewel from their eye and a brooch from their tooth . he send the goblet to the king the jewel to the queen and the brooch to the king daughter . when bodvild take she ring to he to be mend he take the ring and seduce she father a son and escape on wing he make .
38 for revenge völund kill the king s son when they visit he in secret fashion goblet from their skull jewel from their eye and a brooch from their tooth . he send the goblet to the king the jewel to the queen and the brooch to the king daughter . when bodvild take she ring to he to be mend he take the ring and seduce she father a son and escape on wing he make .
36 castafiore s mention of calculus ascents in balloon be a reference to auguste piccard upon whom calculus be modelled hergé in an interview with numa sadoul .notes the aria sing by the castafiore be marguerite s jewel song from gounod s opera faust . we be lead to believe that castafiore be a world-class performer who would presumably have a large repertoire of material ... and yet throughout all the tintin adventure in which she appear the run gag be that whenever bianca castafiore perform in any context it be invariably the jewel song which she sing . nevertheless for the first time at the end of the book it be show that she can and do sing other opera since she star in a la scala production of rossini s la gazza ladra the thieving magpie which give to tintin the clue to solve the mystery of the emerald .
60 in the english version she only say trouble miss the joke in french completely . the french version might more accurately portray captain haddock s skepticism of fortune-telling . nevertheless the roma woman go on to give an accurate summary of the event in the book captain haddock s accident his wheelchair the arrival of bianca castafiore and she miss jewel .
5 shrem max cathare a sacred jewel of a cheese . slashfood . cathare xavier .
6 external links slashfood cathare a sacred jewel of a cheese
3 in the upper jewel house of the tower
81 the crown attribute to king alfred be usually consider to be synonymous with the relic refer to as saint edward s crown which may have be attribute to alfred at a later date possibly the reformation . it be the metal recover from this crown that be consider to be incorporate in the recreated crown 1661 of the same name use in modern coronation ceremony . curiously of llywely n s coronet know to have be incorporate into the english crown jewel in 1285 there be no mention . it be possible that the small crowne find in an iron chest may have be weasel word this artifact but the people at the time who clearly think this more likely to have be the crown of the boy king edward vi.
56 the imperial state crown be make in 1937 for king george vi and be similar to the diamond crown make in 1838 for queen victoria . the present crown be make of gold and include four cross pattée and four fleur-de-lis with two arch on top surmount by a cross pattée . the crown include many jewel 2,868 diamond 273 pearl 17 sapphire 11 emerald and five ruby . among the stone be several famous one include the black prince s ruby actually a spinel and the cullinan ii diamond also know as the lesser star of africa . two of the three pearl dangle from the crown be once wear by queen elizabeth i.
23 the sovereign s orb a type of globus cruciger be a hollow golden sphere make in 1661 . there be a band of jewel run along the centre and a half-band on the top hemisphere . surmount the orb be a jeweled cross represent the sovereign s role as defender of the faith . for a part of the coronation it be bear in the sovereign s left hand .
15 the jewelled sword of offering be make for the coronation of king george iv. its jewel be in the shape of the floral symbol of the united kingdom the rose for england the thistle for scotland and the shamrock for ireland . it be the only sword actually present to the sovereign during the coronation the other be merely bear in front of the sovereign .
47 crown jeweller in 1843 queen victoria appoint garrard co to the position of crown jewellers lead to the production of numerous piece of silverware and jewellery for the royal family as well as the upkeep of the crown jewels . garrard deal with a number of famous jewel such as the cullinan diamond include cullinan i the great star of africa and create such piece as the imperial crown of india in 1911 the crown of queen mary for she coronation and the crown of queen elizabeth in 1937 . in 1852 garrard be give the responsibility of re-cutt the famous koh-i-noor diamond into a brilliant .
34 with cabinet wife as she ally she entertain extensively and lavishly . the social highlight of the grant year be the white house wedding of their daughter in 1874 . contemporary note she finery jewel and silk and lace .
87 morden do this because the shadows promise to release morden s family who be supposedly trap in hyperspace when their ship be destroy in a jumpgate bomb fear for their life morden whose first name have never be reveal pledge to serve the shadows in any way they ask . it be unknown whether or not the shadows make good on their promise to save morden s family or even if the situation as represent to he be genuine . in all his appearance he wear a jewel on a chain around his neck accord to the trilogy of novel the passing of the techno-mage carve on the side of the stone against his chest be an ancient alien love oath represent his continued devotion to his deceased wife .
92 the relation between family member follow two pattern the bond of marriage serve mostly as machiavellian means to financial end while the obligation of the older generation to the young take the form of sacrifice and deprivation . delphine be trap in a loveless marriage to baron de nucingen a money-savvy banker . he be aware of she extramarital affair and use they as a mean to extort money from she . anastasie meanwhile be marry to the comte de restaud who care less about the illegitimate child she have than the jewel she sell to provide for she lover – who be con she in a scheme that rastignac have hear be popular in paris . this depiction of marriage as a tool of power reflect the harsh reality of the unstable social structure of the time . kanes pp .
51 rastignac s family also sacrifice extensively for he . convinced that he cannot achieve a decent status in paris without a considerable display of wealth he write to his family and ask they to send he money sell some of your old jewelry my kind mother i will give you other jewel very soon . balzac 1901 p . 85 . they do send he the money he request and – although it be not describe directly in the novel – endure significant hardship for themselves as a result .
8 list of monarch of england royal navy crown jewel of england england and wales kingdom of cornwall kernow
25 papillon be first publish in the united kingdom in 1970 in a translation by the novelist patrick o'brian . charrière play the part of a jewel thief in a 1970 film call the butterfly affair . he also write a sequel to papillon entitle banco in which he describe his life subsequent to his release from prison .
21 the flag at this historical juncture be again make of rectangular leather cover with a thin layer of silk ornament with jewel in the center of which there be a four cornered star point to the four corner of the world . this be the same star refer to as akhtare kaviani the kaviani star by ferdowsi in the epic of shahnameh the book of kings . this flag be larger than the original derafshe kaviani install on a long javelin the tip of which be show above the flag .
69 this be the same star refer to as akhtare kaviani the kaviani star by ferdowsi in the epic of shahnameh the book of kings . this flag be larger than the original derafshe kaviani install on a long javelin the tip of which be show above the flag . at the bottom of this flag there be weave string of yellow magenta and scarlet hang from they be large jewel . the flag be destroy by arabs after the decisive sassanid defeat against invade muslim arabs .
15 on 8 july 2004 khan be award the lifetime achievement award at the 2004 asian jewel award in london for acting as a figurehead for many international charity and work passionately and extensively in fund-raising activity . . 2004-07-09 . .
10 luxury box safe or strong box humidor decorative box a jewel box line with red velvet
14 a jewelry ame or jewellery bre box be a receptacle for trinket not only jewel . it may take a very modest form cover in leather and line with satin or it may be larger .
20 travel magazine story on bam as a tourist destination newspaper item the lost beauty that be bam bbc story bam jewel of iranian heritage population figure from world-gazetteer.com digital silk roads project citadel of bam .
60 other work rosa have be highly influence by the work of bob dylan miles davis iggy pop jimi hendrix johnny cash luis alberto spinetta the door camarón de la isla caetano veloso and glenn danzig . his 1996 vagabundo produce by phil manzanera be consider to be the nevermind of the latin alternative movement and one of the most important jewel of rock en español . he also help launch ricky martin s musical career into a new global setting by write and produce some of his hottest singles include livin la vida loca . rosa tour with lenny kravitz during the summer of 2004 to promote his 2nd all english concept album mad love .
49 druk be the colour white signify that although there be many people in bhutan of differ culture their inner thought and deed be pure and they highly cherish patriotism . this denote that the sacred bond between sovereign and people be strong . the finial be a norbu or jewel .
35 golden and silver age versionsselina kyle s first appearance as the cat in batman # 1 spring 1940 . catwoman then call the cat first appear in batman # 1 as a mysterious burglar and jewel thief reveal at the end of the story to be socialite selina kyle . although the story do not have she wear she iconic catsuit it establish she core personality as a femme fatale who both antagonize and attract batman .
37 catwoman appear in lego batman for the playstation 2 playstation 3 nintendo ds wii pc and xbox 360 as an enemy of batman and a 1st deputy of the penguin . she help the penguin steal a jewel but be defeat by batman and robin but not before share a kiss with batman which robin find disgusting . she later escape jail and help penguin build a machine but again be defeat . she then go to arkham again .
88 she first fatality have she wrap she whip around she opponent s throat and drag they to the ground where she then jump on their back and pull back on the whip break their neck whilst she second fatality have she claw out she victim eye before hurl they to the ground . though she role in the game be small she story begin as she be approach by the flash after steal from the gotham museum . though he defeat she in combat she reclaim she purloined jewel after an intervention from kano and whilst she make she escape she get pull into a portal that teleport she to the special forces base in the mortal kombat universe . here she find sonya blade and request to use the base s portal to return to gotham . sonya defeat she in battle however and lock she away in a cell .
14 multan also have a number of old mosque which be once consider as the jewel of the city . some have be date back to a few thousand year and have be recognise as some of the oldest mosque within south east asia . the legend go that the first mosque ever build in multan be the jamia mosque which be construct on the order of general mohammed qasim who conquer multan in 712ad.
75 that same year department store bullock open its first suburban department store on wilshire and westmoreland . the 12-story building be model after the paris exposition des arts decoratifs et moderne . also that year the academy awards ceremony move from the hollywood roosevelt hotel to the ambassador hotel and a section of the germain pellessier sheep farm on the corner of wilshire and western become the construction site of what would be the crown jewel of the warner brothers theater chain . the theater and adjoin 12-story pellessier building open in 1931 and the following year rename the wiltern theater .
50 a common type of manicure involve shape the nail and apply nail polish . a manicure may also include the application of artificial nail tip acrylic or artificial nail gel . some manicure can include the painting of picture or design on the nail or apply small decal or imitation jewel .
14 bird use of the salton sea the salton sea have be term a crown jewel of avian biodiversity dr. milt friend salton sea science office . over 400 species have be document at the salton sea .
28 villa clara keys cover more than 77 844 hectare be a veritable wildlife refuge and provide a habitat for some 248 species of plan . the most precious jewel be cayo las brujas cayo ensenachos and cayo santa maria renown for their immaculate landscape of incredible beauty with sugary-white sand beach and crystal-clear waters fringed by autochthonous vegetation and connect to caibarien a small fishing town on the cuban mainland by a 48 km causeway stretch over the sea accord an international prize for its harmonious combination of nature and engineering in an area declare a world biosphere reserve thus enable visitor to access the key directly from santa clara city site of the international airport . the causeway have a total of 46 bridge especially design to allow the flow of sea water therefore protect both the biodiversity and sustainability of the area .
22 mercurius call himself the grandson of the god he wish to overthrow the other olympian god by try to steal the powerful jewel in atlas forehead .
50 the label be world-renowned for the design of its album cover . this have be profile in two book thus far sleeves of desire and windfall light both edit by lars müller . it be interesting to note that while newer cd release frequently use o-sleeve that cover the traditional jewel box the inlay card never use two-sided printing or clear tray .
22 sangeetha chakravarthy music emperor in 1988 by pallavi narasimachary . sangeetha raja music king by chembai in 1974 . sangeetha ratna music jewel by lt . governor of pondicherry m.m. lakhera . swathi ratnam swathi jewel . sapthagiri sangeetha vidwanmani in 2002 .
58 before woman be allow to join several smaller sorority parallel in ideal but independent in structure be form for woman who have be camp fire girls or girl scouts include gamma sigma sigma and omega phi alpha . several alpha phi omega chapter also have start little sister group some of which form separate organization e .g . jewel of tau phyettes etc . smith cheryl lyn . speaker s note for the history of woman in alpha phi omega .
59 the second electric machine be invent by british engineer francis hauksbee the elder 1666-1713 the machine be a sphere of glass rotate by a wheel . for watch movement peter debaufre invents the debaufre escapement the first frictional rest watch escapement produce the escapement consist of two saw-tooth escape wheel of the same count . for watch bearing a jewel bearing make of ruby comprise a ring the hole with a sink for oil be invent by nicholas facio with peter and jacob debaufre who use pierced natural ruby . other gemstone have be use since include garnet which be too soft and diamond . in the 20th century synthetic ruby or sapphire become universal for jewel bearing .
61 for watch bearing a jewel bearing make of ruby comprise a ring the hole with a sink for oil be invent by nicholas facio with peter and jacob debaufre who use pierced natural ruby . other gemstone have be use since include garnet which be too soft and diamond . in the 20th century synthetic ruby or sapphire become universal for jewel bearing . in oil painting colormaker diesbach of berlin germany accidentally invent the pigment prussian blue a powerful dark blue pigment with greenish undertone make from alum and animal bone therefore prussian blue cannot be find in a paint layer predate 1704 .
8 the album be available in three format standard jewel case cd packaging limited edition hardbound book package with a cd and extra artwork enclose and a triple record package . side f of the vinyl package with the track magic window be uncut and contain a visible etching of a nuclear family . magic window be a track of pure silence in all three format .
36 kawabata yasunari the tale of the bamboo cutter kodansha amer inc september 1 1998 yamamoto yuzo one hundred sacks of rice a stage play nagaoka city kome hyappyo foundation 1998 donald keene oda makoto the breaking jewel keene donald tran columbia univ pr march 1 2003
54 the 2003 sv650 also support some first generation part like the rearset and radiator thus make 2003 a unique year for find and repair certain part . the tail frame be also angle up higher than 2004 + model . other than these change the motor be relatively unchanged and be still the crown jewel of the motorcycle . first model first iteration also have a problem with crankshaft fail when race or ridden excessively hard . the 2003 sv650 also come in a special edition burning copper color that be find only in 2003 and also other suzuki bike such as the gsx-r1000 and the gsx-r1300 .
52 he be an influential medieval rabbinic authority . he be often refer to as the baal ha-turim master of the turim row after his main work in halakha jewish law the arba'ah turim four rows . the work be divide into 4 section each call a tur allude to the row of jewel on the high priest s breastplate . he be the third son of the rabbi asher ben jehiel know as the rosh a german-born rabbi who move to spain . besides his father who be his principal teacher jacob quote very often in the turim his elder brother jehiel once his brother judah see tur orach chaim § 417 and once his uncle r. chaim(ib .
45 deleted portion the second chorus be use occasionally in theatrical production but remain largely unknown . the only time the second chorus lyric have be record aside from garland s original be for the wizard of oz in concert where it be perform by singer/songwriter jewel . in 2009 jewel record a studio version of the song include the new lyric for she album lullaby .
18 an often pleased emperor xuanzong by offer emperor xuanzong tribute of rare item such as rare animal or jewel . meanwhile he be even more obese than before and emperor xuanzong on one occasion jokingly ask he what do this barbaric belly contain he respond other than a faithful heart there be nothing else .
69 from the note of abdur razzak in nilakanta sastri 1955 p298 salt production and the manufacture of salt pan be control by similar means . the making of ghee clarified butter which be sell as an oil for human consumption and as a fuel for lighting lamp be profitable . from the note of abdur razzak in nilakanta sastry 1955 p299 export to china intensify and include cotton spice jewel semi-precious stone ivory rhino horn ebony amber coral and aromatic product such as perfume . large vessel from china make frequent visit some captain by the chinese admiral cheng ho and bring chinese product to the empire s 300 port large and small on the arabian sea and the bay of bengal . the port of mangalore honavar bhatkal barkur cochin cannanore machilipatnam and dharmadam be the most important .
93 the empire s founder harihara i and bukka raya i be devout shaivas worshipper of shiva but make grant to the vaishnava order of sringeri with vidyaranya as their patron saint and designate varaha the boar an avatar of vishnu as their emblem . kamath 2001 p177 the later saluva and tuluva king be vaishnava by faith but worship at the foot of lord virupaksha shiva at hampi as well as lord venkateshwara vishnu at tirupati . a sanskrit work jambavati kalyanam by king krishnadevaraya call lord virupaksha karnata rajya raksha mani protective jewel of karnata empire . fritz michell p14 the king patronise the saint of the dvaita order philosophy of dualism of madhvacharya at udupi . kamath 2001 p177–178
64 some of its saxon origin can be see in its carved stone saxon font and in two stone cross shaft in the churchyard . arthur mee record that the church be restore in the 19th century by sir gilbert scott with three chapel but still have the 13th century base of its tower and a wall of the same age . its most ancient jewel be the wonderful font so old that it be saxon or norman the round bowl carve with human and dragon . arthur mee the king s england staffordshire p.115
61 in other language the combination i+j can exist as well but in those foreign from dutch point of view word that combination should not be consider a single letter either . in the netherlands the combination be sometimes confuse with the letter y . in several dutch shop byoux or byous be for sale accord to the sign instead of bijou jewel .
53 holofernes be depict in geoffrey chaucer s the monk s tale in the canterbury tales and in dante s purgatorio where holofernes be to be find on the terrace of pride as an example of pride cast down . as a painter s subject it offer the chance to contrast the flesh and jewel of a beautiful festively attire woman with the grisly victim an old testament parallel to the new testament vignette of salome with the head of john the baptist .
55 the dhyāna mudrā meditation mudrā be the gesture of meditation of the concentration of the good law and the saṅgha . the two hand be place on the lap right hand on left with finger fully stretch and the palm face upward form a triangle symbolic of the spiritual fire or the triratna the three jewel . this mudrā be use in representation of the Śākyamuni buddha and amitābha buddha . sometimes the dhyāna mudrā be use in certain representation of bhaiṣajyaguru as the medicine buddha with a medicine bowl place on the hand .
17 one customer be kill . december 1 arm robbery of a jeweler in anderlue . some low-value jewel be steal . two people be kill .
14 a campus to make many of its longer-established rival turn green ... the architectural jewel in greenwich s crown be here . sunday times
7 chester morris play boston blackie a former jewel thief turn detective in fourteen film from 1941 to 1949 . produce by columbia pictures many be mystery lace with comic relief such as meet boston blackie 1941 boston blackie booked on suspicion 1945 the phantom thief 1945 and boston blackie s chinese venture 1949 . columbia also turn the crime doctor radio show into a series of mystery film star warner baxter .
17 on television ashcroft appear in the role of barbie batchelor on the internationally acclaim british mini-sery the jewel in the crown 1984 for which she win a bafta best television actress award .
9 matter be further complicate by news that the master jewel thief king victor have be release from jail in france and might be in the area . his connection with the case be that angèle mory in she day before become nicholas iv’s consort be an accomplice of king victor’s and there be every reason to suppose that she be involve – when queen – with the most audacious theft king victor ever commit the theft of the koh-i-noor diamond from the tower of london a paste copy be substitute and the public not be inform of the event . queen varaga be a guest at chimneys at the time and it be believe she hide the jewel somewhere in the house and now seven year after she death king victor have come to get it back .
117 matter be further complicate by news that the master jewel thief king victor have be release from jail in france and might be in the area . his connection with the case be that angèle mory in she day before become nicholas iv’s consort be an accomplice of king victor’s and there be every reason to suppose that she be involve – when queen – with the most audacious theft king victor ever commit the theft of the koh-i-noor diamond from the tower of london a paste copy be substitute and the public not be inform of the event . queen varaga be a guest at chimneys at the time and it be believe she hide the jewel somewhere in the house and now seven year after she death king victor have come to get it back .
75 these be steal from king victor and find their way to africa and eventually jimmy mcgrath . anthony be non-plussed though when the letter steal from his blitz hotel room reappear mysteriously on his dressing-table at chimneys . battle’s theory be that they have be return as king victor have be unable to decode they and know that the council chamber be now heavily watch be let the authority decode the message and find the jewel which he will then take at his convenience . he and lomax decide to take the bait and employ an expert codebreaker – professor wynwood – who deduce that the coded message be richmond seven straight eight leave three right . bundle equate this to an old passage behind a holbein painting but the trail prove fruitless .
98 after several preparation anthony reveal to the assemble people at chimneys that the richmond reference in the code be to a valuable book on the life of the earl of richmond in the library . this revelation though be a trap for the murderer of prince michael – mademoiselle brun in reality the supposedly dead queen varaga whose body seven year ago be a substitution mutilate beyond recognition . this time she really be kill in a struggle over a revolver with boris anchoukoff prince michael s loyal valet in the library as she try to retrieve the jewel . anthony realise that the real mademoiselle brun might well have be kidnap on the passage from dinard and that the murder of giuseppe in virginia’s house be an attempt to stop that lady go to chimneys where she would be the only person who could recognise the former queen . there be one other person there though who also know she – prince michael and when he find she search the council chamber she shoot he dead .
32 giuseppe manuelli italian waiter and an agent of the herzoslovakian comrades of the red hand hiram p. fish in reality an american agent on the trail of king victor king victor international jewel thief monsieur lemoine of the sûreté captain o’neill prince nicholas obolovitch of herzoslovakia monsieur chelles angèle mory former dancer at the folies bergère later queen varaga of herzoslovakia miss brun french governess to the brent girl
45 robert barnard if you can take all of the racialist remark which be very much of their time this be a first-class romp all the better for not be of the plot to take over the world variety . it concern the throne and crown jewel of herzoslovakia and combine such hope-ful sic element with bright young thing and some effective caricature . by far the least awful of the early thriller . barnard robert .
73 the pirate red rackham have just steal some diamond from a spanish naval vessel when he engage sir francis haddock in battle in the west indies . although the volley fire by sir francis destroy rackham s much smaller ship the pirate manage to overpower sir francis s sailor all but sir francis be either kill or force to walk the plank . red rackham s crew take over the unicorn stow the jewel and treasure on board . while they drunkenly celebrate their victory sir francis slip out of his bond kill red rackham in hand-to-hand combat and escape after ignite a long fuse in the munitions hold . as sir francis row to the safety of a nearby island the unicorn explode kill the rest of the pirate .
32 wagg cannot take a hint . he see himself as haddock s friend and cannot appear to appreciate the captain s outburst as genuine dislike for he when bianca castafiore insure she jewel for a large sum of money wagg give the captain a critical phone call say that as a common friend of his and bianca s haddock should have see to it that wagg get the deal . in fact haddock see both of they as nuisance rather than friend .
0 jewel participant be require to eliminate target call jewel see in the form of raons . each jewel be assign a point value for be destroy .
20 over the promotional period the album be release in a variety of format . the standard release be a single jewel case cd version follow by the cd with a three track bonus cd in digipak format . the album be then release as a multichannel hybrid sacd and then reissue with a bonus live dvd record in london .
45 in 1615 james send he to the palatinate whose impoverished elector frederick v have marry james’s daughter elizabeth in 1613 . krugler page 39 . one of calvert’s task be to convey the king’s disapproval that elizabeth for lack of money have give away expensive jewel to a gentlewoman leave she employ . frederick’s decision in 1619 to accept the throne of bohemia trigger a war with the powerful habsburgs which james attempt to end through a propose alliance with spain . krugler page 40 .
87 in 1619 calvert complete his rise to power when james appoint he as one of the two principal secretary of state after sir thomas lake s dismissal follow scandal include his wife’s indiscretion with state secret . browne page 6 . calvert do not emerge as a candidate until the end of the selection process his appointment come as a surprise to most observer include to calvert himself . assume he owe his promotion to the king’s increasingly powerful favourite george villiers he send he a great jewel as a token of thanks . villier return the jewel however say he have have nothing to do with the matter . krugler .
60 browne page 6 . calvert do not emerge as a candidate until the end of the selection process his appointment come as a surprise to most observer include to calvert himself . assume he owe his promotion to the king’s increasingly powerful favourite george villiers he send he a great jewel as a token of thanks . villier return the jewel however say he have have nothing to do with the matter . krugler . pages 41–42 .
103 prophecy reveal that both londo and vir be destine to become emperor . the prophecy also foreshadow several key event in the future such as g'kar have his eye pluck out the eye that do not see emperor londo allow sheridan the one who be already dead and delenn to escape imprisonment and free centauri prime from the drakh londo s death at the hand of g'kar surrender[ing to his greatest fear know that it will destroy him and the ascension of vir cotto to the throne . the prophecy may also refer to the eye that do not see as be the jewel know as the eye in sign and portent but more importantly in interludes and examination and kill the one who be already dead may refer to the death of mr. morden execute on mollari s order in season 4 or to mollari s treatment of the emperor s last wish in the coming of shadows . the earth civil war begin . general hague and the eas alexander be fugitive .
29 the dream of the fisherman s wife a design by hokusai of 1814 depict a woman engage in sex with a pair of octopuses.tamatori steal the dragon king s jewel by utagawa kuniyoshi .
42 23 2001 . show that although western audience have often interpret hokusai’s famous design as rape japanese audience of the edo period would have associate it with the legend of the female abalone diver tamatori . in the story tamatori steal a jewel from the dragon king . however during she egress the dragon king and his sea-life minion include octopode pursue she . furthermore within the dialogue in the illustration itself the diver and two octopode express mutual enjoyment .
96 in the early 1900’s lavender become active in the suffragette movement and one time while dine at the savoy she throw a prawn soufflé at andrew bonar-law lead to she be ban from the hotel . lavender also become a close friend of noel coward in the 1910’s and they regularly take tea together at gunters . at the death of lord southwick lady lavender move in with she daughter and son-in-law become increasingly reclusive and senile but in the end it be she who save the union jack company from collapse by sell she family jewel to raise the money need to replace the factory’s machinery . cecily cissy meldrum catherine rabett cissy be lord meldrum s elder daughter .
30 review of the unabridged audiobook audio review and discussion of altered carbon at the science fiction book review podcast richard k. morgan the new king of cyberpunk fiction interview by jewel of jive magazine altered carbon at the internet movie database
6 jetty jew from old french giu jewel from joyau juggle joie de vivre
14 the first press of the cd contain plastic fly in the spine of the jewel case . in 1995 the album be briefly re-release in a limited edition short-lived format call cd plus . it contain a second cd of driver in order to access special computer content on the cd.
20 within the guild they learn to use their skill to break into merchant lavish residence to steal gold and precious jewel . they also learn how to kill sentry use projectile weapon and to set trap for traveller at nightfall . their skill set be considerable and make they very dangerous opponent both in direct combat and when use long range weapon .
33 the first pressing of the album be sell in a distinctive cardboard sleeve which glenn danzig claim be more like that of an old-fashioned lp and more environmentally-friendly than the common plastic cd jewel case . since this initial release of the album its distinctive cardboard packaging have be replace by the jewel-case . the original packaging be too small to fit securely in most retail outlet plastic theft-deterrent cd tray and the album be legendary for be the most stolen cd in history a distinction that be not however officially document and be possibly unprovable .
27 like danzig s previous three album danzig 4 have be label with a parental advisory originally in the form of a sticker until the repackaging in the jewel case since its initial pressing despite the absence of common profanity .
51 while estella be still a child miss havisham begin cast about for boy who could be a testing ground for estella s education in break man s heart as vicarious revenge for miss havisham s pain . pip the narrator be the eventual victim and miss havisham readily dress estella in jewel to prettify she all the more and to exemplify all the more the vast social gulf between she and pip . it be this that drive pip to ultimately agree to become a gentleman and when as a young adult estella leave for france to receive education miss havisham eagerly ask he do you feel you have lose she
79 in 1362 the venetians offer to pay the emperor s debt and lead an alliance against the turks in exchange for tenedos but john v refuse to cede the island which have be loyal to he . in 1370 however he travel to italy to appeal to the pope and amadeus vi count of savoy he find himself break in venice and agree to cede tenedo this time in exchange for his debt more money and the byzantine crown jewel which have already be pledge but his eldest son andronicus regent in constantinople during his absence refuse to give up the island . his second son manuel pay off his creditor next year .
44 the chinese buddhist pilgrim xuanzang pass through the area around 630 and describe bamyan as a flourishing buddhist center with more than ten monastery and more than a thousand monk . he also note that both buddha figure be decorated with gold and fine jewel wriggins 1995 . intriguingly xuanzang mention a third even larger recline statue of the buddha .
31 main sight cathedral the so-called old town be ostuni s citadel build on the top of a hill and still fortify with the ancient wall . ostuni be repute an architectural jewel and be commonly refer to as the white town la città bianca in italian for its white wall and its typically white-painted architecture . a monument on its own the town s largest building be the cathedral and the bishop s palace alongside with a few palazzo of some of the aristocratic family of the region aurisicchio ayroldi bisantizzi falghieri ghionda giovine jurleo marseglia moro palmieri petrarolo siccoda urselli zaccaria .
73 several secondary stone be produce from the cut that be sell to peter the great of russia . after many attempt to sell it to various european royal include louis xiv of france pitt and his son go with the diamond to calais in 1717 . with john law act as agent it be sell that year to the french regent philippe ii duke of orléans for £135,000 become one of the crown jewel of france . today le régent as it come to be know remain in the french royal treasury at the louvre where it have be on display since 1887 .
51 as diamond be become increasingly fashionable at the time henry arrange to borrow de sancy s diamond to decorate his cap . henry iv also borrow the stone for the more practical purpose of use it as security for finance an army . legend have it that a messenger carry the jewel never reach his destination but de sancy by then superintendent of finance be convince that the man be loyal and have a search conduct until the site of his robbery and murder be find . when the body be disinterred and autopsied the jewel be find in the faithful man s stomach .
73 henry iv also borrow the stone for the more practical purpose of use it as security for finance an army . legend have it that a messenger carry the jewel never reach his destination but de sancy by then superintendent of finance be convince that the man be loyal and have a search conduct until the site of his robbery and murder be find . when the body be disinterred and autopsied the jewel be find in the faithful man s stomach .
32 the tyrant send helvetius to the castle to be hold as prisoner . the noble sophonirus offer to woo the lady on the tyrant s behalf . the tyrant give sophonirus a jewel to give to the lady . and in case the jewel do not work he also order sophonirus to round up a gang of thug to seize the lady forcibly from govianus house if need be .
30 the noble sophonirus offer to woo the lady on the tyrant s behalf . the tyrant give sophonirus a jewel to give to the lady . and in case the jewel do not work he also order sophonirus to round up a gang of thug to seize the lady forcibly from govianus house if need be .
10 sophonirus go to govianus house and offer the lady a jewel from the tyrant . govianus stab sophonirus though the stomach with his sword . as he die sophonirus taunt govianus and tell he that the house be surround by armed man .
30 the wife be shock by leonella s tone . leonella threaten to expose the wife s relationship with votarius . seriously frighten by this threat the wife give leonella a jewel and offer to make up . leonella accept the jewel . the wife tell leonella about she plan to stage votarius attempt at seduction while anselmus wait in the closet .
31 leonella threaten to expose the wife s relationship with votarius . seriously frighten by this threat the wife give leonella a jewel and offer to make up . leonella accept the jewel . the wife tell leonella about she plan to stage votarius attempt at seduction while anselmus wait in the closet . she decide to add a new detail to she plan votarius should wear some armor under his clothes so the wife can stab he when he try to seduce she .
60 méphistophélès bring in a decorated box contain exquisite jewelry and a hand mirror and leave it on marguerite s doorstep next to siébel s fade flower . marguerite enter ponder she encounter with faust at the city gate and sing a ballad about the king of thulé il était un roi de thulé . marthe marguerite s neighbour notice the jewel and say they must be from an admirer . marguerite try on the jewellery and be captivate by how they enhance she beauty as she sing in the famous aria the jewel song ah je ris de i voir si belle en ce miroir . méphistophélès and faust join the woman in the garden and romance they .
65 marguerite enter ponder she encounter with faust at the city gate and sing a ballad about the king of thulé il était un roi de thulé . marthe marguerite s neighbour notice the jewel and say they must be from an admirer . marguerite try on the jewellery and be captivate by how they enhance she beauty as she sing in the famous aria the jewel song ah je ris de i voir si belle en ce miroir . méphistophélès and faust join the woman in the garden and romance they . marguerite allow faust to kiss she laisse-moi laisse-moi contempler ton visage but then ask he to go away .
77 a performance of this opera be part of the back story of the phantom of the opera by gaston leroux and appear in some of the film adaptation of that novel such as the phantom of the opera 1925 . jeanette macdonald perform several scene from the opera in the 1936 film san francisco complete with costume set and orchestra . the biggest impression have perhaps be leave by the famous aria sing by marguerite – the jewel song – since child all over the world have be read very short extract from it in several story in the adventure of tintin . in this series of graphic novel or comic strip our hero tintin and his sidekick captain haddock often encounter a bombastic opera singer call bianca castafiore . she trademark be the jewel song which she always sing at high volume never say more than ah je ris de i voir si belle en ce miroir or a few word more from other line .
73 the biggest impression have perhaps be leave by the famous aria sing by marguerite – the jewel song – since child all over the world have be read very short extract from it in several story in the adventure of tintin . in this series of graphic novel or comic strip our hero tintin and his sidekick captain haddock often encounter a bombastic opera singer call bianca castafiore . she trademark be the jewel song which she always sing at high volume never say more than ah je ris de i voir si belle en ce miroir or a few word more from other line . the waltz from gounod’s faust be use on british television in the third series of monty python comedy programme first show in 1972 the music be use in the soundtrack of the 34th episode entitle the cycling tour .
87 historian douglas shand-tucci argue that victorian copley square be develop by boston s brahmin caste in the 1865-1915 period as a great new world agora of art and science faith and learning . douglass shand-tucci the gods of copley square lecture series 2009 sponsor by back bay historical/boston-centric global studies and the new england historical genealogical society its cornerstone be the massachusetts institute of technology mit found in the square include the first american school of architecture within a block of which would be build the crown jewel of modern harvard its medical school boston s museum of fine arts the museum of natural history today the museum of science trinity church the new old south church the boston public library the american academy of arts and sciences the massachusetts normal art school today s massachusetts college of art the horace mann school for the deaf . in later year there first flourish there boston university emerson college and northeastern university . the square be the cradle of the great galaxy of educational institution which make boston the american intellectual capital in the 20th century .
25 their clothes be make of wool or of goat skin . they wear necklace bracelet and other jewelry make of gold . they make their jewel use a filigree method or by hammer . wine be only use in festivity and they usually drink water goat milk and beer . lusitanian practice monogamy .
8 the final allegro section be an alleluia a jewel of a piece with its high spirit and its wit ... its music speak unmistakably of his relaxed high spirit at the time he write it and of the elation and confidence that his opera-house success at bring him . s. sadie 2006 . mozart the early year oxford university press p . 292
1 ruby jewel bearing use for a balance wheel in a mechanical watch movement.cross section of a jewel bearing in a watch .
16 ruby jewel bearing use for a balance wheel in a mechanical watch movement.cross section of a jewel bearing in a watch .
1 a jewel bearing be a bearing in which a metal spindle turn in a jewel-lined pivot hole . the hole be typically shape like a torus and be slightly larger than the shaft diameter . in operation the shaft tilt slightly so as to contact the jewel pivot hole at two opposite point .
46 a jewel bearing be a bearing in which a metal spindle turn in a jewel-lined pivot hole . the hole be typically shape like a torus and be slightly larger than the shaft diameter . in operation the shaft tilt slightly so as to contact the jewel pivot hole at two opposite point . citation need the shaft roll inside the bearing rather than slide . citation need as the shaft roll the center precess .
41 citation need as the shaft roll the center precess . jewel bearing be invent in 1704 for use in watch by nicolas fatio de duillier peter debaufre and jacob debaufre who receive an english patent for the idea . originally natural jewel be use such as sapphire ruby and garnet . in 1902 a process to make synthetic sapphire and ruby crystalline aluminum oxide also know as corundum be invent by auguste verneuil make jewelled bearing much less expensive . today most jewelled bearing be synthetic sapphire .
3 the advantage of jewel bearing include high accuracy very small size and weight low and predictable friction include good temperature stability ability to operate without lubrication and in corrosive environment . they be know for their low static friction and highly consistent dynamic friction . baillio paul .
4 the largest use for jewel bearing be in mechanical watch where their low and predictable friction improve watch accuracy . a typical mark of watch quality be a note such as 56 jewel . more jewel bearing often mean better precision .
32 the largest use for jewel bearing be in mechanical watch where their low and predictable friction improve watch accuracy . a typical mark of watch quality be a note such as 56 jewel . more jewel bearing often mean better precision . some maker add non-functional or unnecessary jewel to give the impression of accuracy .
28 a typical mark of watch quality be a note such as 56 jewel . more jewel bearing often mean better precision . some maker add non-functional or unnecessary jewel to give the impression of accuracy . some watch have as many as 100 jewel most of they of no use . a typical fully jeweled time-only watch have 17 jewel two cap jewel two pivot jewel an impulse jewel for the balance wheel two pivot jewel two pallet jewel for the pallet fork and two pivot jewel each for the escape fourth third and center wheel .
29 more jewel bearing often mean better precision . some maker add non-functional or unnecessary jewel to give the impression of accuracy . some watch have as many as 100 jewel most of they of no use . a typical fully jeweled time-only watch have 17 jewel two cap jewel two pivot jewel an impulse jewel for the balance wheel two pivot jewel two pallet jewel for the pallet fork and two pivot jewel each for the escape fourth third and center wheel . modern electronic watch achieve accuracy entirely separate from the friction of the mechanism but early quartz watch use jewel to increase battery life and high-grade quartz watch use jewel to reduce friction and wear .
37 some maker add non-functional or unnecessary jewel to give the impression of accuracy . some watch have as many as 100 jewel most of they of no use . a typical fully jeweled time-only watch have 17 jewel two cap jewel two pivot jewel an impulse jewel for the balance wheel two pivot jewel two pallet jewel for the pallet fork and two pivot jewel each for the escape fourth third and center wheel . modern electronic watch achieve accuracy entirely separate from the friction of the mechanism but early quartz watch use jewel to increase battery life and high-grade quartz watch use jewel to reduce friction and wear .
40 some maker add non-functional or unnecessary jewel to give the impression of accuracy . some watch have as many as 100 jewel most of they of no use . a typical fully jeweled time-only watch have 17 jewel two cap jewel two pivot jewel an impulse jewel for the balance wheel two pivot jewel two pallet jewel for the pallet fork and two pivot jewel each for the escape fourth third and center wheel . modern electronic watch achieve accuracy entirely separate from the friction of the mechanism but early quartz watch use jewel to increase battery life and high-grade quartz watch use jewel to reduce friction and wear .
43 some maker add non-functional or unnecessary jewel to give the impression of accuracy . some watch have as many as 100 jewel most of they of no use . a typical fully jeweled time-only watch have 17 jewel two cap jewel two pivot jewel an impulse jewel for the balance wheel two pivot jewel two pallet jewel for the pallet fork and two pivot jewel each for the escape fourth third and center wheel . modern electronic watch achieve accuracy entirely separate from the friction of the mechanism but early quartz watch use jewel to increase battery life and high-grade quartz watch use jewel to reduce friction and wear .
46 some maker add non-functional or unnecessary jewel to give the impression of accuracy . some watch have as many as 100 jewel most of they of no use . a typical fully jeweled time-only watch have 17 jewel two cap jewel two pivot jewel an impulse jewel for the balance wheel two pivot jewel two pallet jewel for the pallet fork and two pivot jewel each for the escape fourth third and center wheel . modern electronic watch achieve accuracy entirely separate from the friction of the mechanism but early quartz watch use jewel to increase battery life and high-grade quartz watch use jewel to reduce friction and wear .
53 some maker add non-functional or unnecessary jewel to give the impression of accuracy . some watch have as many as 100 jewel most of they of no use . a typical fully jeweled time-only watch have 17 jewel two cap jewel two pivot jewel an impulse jewel for the balance wheel two pivot jewel two pallet jewel for the pallet fork and two pivot jewel each for the escape fourth third and center wheel . modern electronic watch achieve accuracy entirely separate from the friction of the mechanism but early quartz watch use jewel to increase battery life and high-grade quartz watch use jewel to reduce friction and wear .
56 some maker add non-functional or unnecessary jewel to give the impression of accuracy . some watch have as many as 100 jewel most of they of no use . a typical fully jeweled time-only watch have 17 jewel two cap jewel two pivot jewel an impulse jewel for the balance wheel two pivot jewel two pallet jewel for the pallet fork and two pivot jewel each for the escape fourth third and center wheel . modern electronic watch achieve accuracy entirely separate from the friction of the mechanism but early quartz watch use jewel to increase battery life and high-grade quartz watch use jewel to reduce friction and wear .
64 some maker add non-functional or unnecessary jewel to give the impression of accuracy . some watch have as many as 100 jewel most of they of no use . a typical fully jeweled time-only watch have 17 jewel two cap jewel two pivot jewel an impulse jewel for the balance wheel two pivot jewel two pallet jewel for the pallet fork and two pivot jewel each for the escape fourth third and center wheel . modern electronic watch achieve accuracy entirely separate from the friction of the mechanism but early quartz watch use jewel to increase battery life and high-grade quartz watch use jewel to reduce friction and wear .
79 some watch have as many as 100 jewel most of they of no use . a typical fully jeweled time-only watch have 17 jewel two cap jewel two pivot jewel an impulse jewel for the balance wheel two pivot jewel two pallet jewel for the pallet fork and two pivot jewel each for the escape fourth third and center wheel . modern electronic watch achieve accuracy entirely separate from the friction of the mechanism but early quartz watch use jewel to increase battery life and high-grade quartz watch use jewel to reduce friction and wear .
89 some watch have as many as 100 jewel most of they of no use . a typical fully jeweled time-only watch have 17 jewel two cap jewel two pivot jewel an impulse jewel for the balance wheel two pivot jewel two pallet jewel for the pallet fork and two pivot jewel each for the escape fourth third and center wheel . modern electronic watch achieve accuracy entirely separate from the friction of the mechanism but early quartz watch use jewel to increase battery life and high-grade quartz watch use jewel to reduce friction and wear .
1 historically jewel pivot be make by grind use diamond abrasive . modern jewel pivot be often make use high-powered laser chemical etching and ultrasonic milling .
12 historically jewel pivot be make by grind use diamond abrasive . modern jewel pivot be often make use high-powered laser chemical etching and ultrasonic milling .
22 this album be kelis second to bear the parental advisory label and as note on the parental advisory sticker attach to the jewel case there be an edited version also available . however there be only two small change make to the edited version . a sexual reference be cut out of the song trick me and kelis hidden outro append to the end of marathon on the explicit version be omit .
33 nuestra señora de atocha our lady of atocha be the most famous of a fleet of spanish ship that sink in 1622 off the florida keys while carry copper silver gold tobacco gem jewel jewelry and indigo from spanish port at cartagena colombia porto bello in new granada and havana bind for spain . the ship be name for the parish of atocha in madrid .
58 the other call the curazurna small in size and high-pitched be accompany by the davul or the çifte na’ra . evliya Çelebi write “there be boathouse belong to the sovereign . if the sultan want to go to the new-palace or somewhere else he travel at the back of a light galley under the precious dome on the jewel throne by watch the waterside house vineyard and orchard and shipyard on the side of haliç with the accompaniment of only the curazurna and the çifte na’ra performing“ while he be talk about the garden of the shipyard in istanbul . the curazurna as the small zurna be plan to be add to the military mehter takımı which be intend to be establish by enver paşa in 1917 . kabazurnas be make in istanbul in the 16th century .
39 however as it do not include information on post-silmarillion material i .e . unfinished tale and the the history of middle-earth series the 1978 edition contain some assertion contradict by later publication . for example the star of elendil jewel elendilmir be identify with the star of the dúnedain give to samwise gamgee but christopher tolkien refute this . improper reference format improper reference format it also include speculation on matter later confirm in subsequent work . for example foster propose gandalf and olórin be one and the same confirm in unfinished tale .
36 marius grinius canada say that the appointment of this slate of special procedures mandate holder mark an important milestone in the development of the council . the special procedure have be refer to as the crown jewel of the united nations human rights system . the effort which have go into the presentation of this list be fully appreciate . canada hope that member could respect the integrity of the agree process in which no state should have a veto over candidate .
14 meg and ben become one of the show s first couple along with reformed jewel thief cole deschanel and local heiress caitlin richards . cole sleep with and impregnate both caitlin and caitlin s unhappily married alcoholic mother olivia . olivia and she fiendish husband gregory plan to steal caitlin s baby and pass it off as olivia s telling caitlin she baby have die in order to break up caitlin s relationship with cole who she parent disapprove of because of his criminal past .
46 the tsunami storyline prove so popular that two week worth of episode be compile and turn into an hour-long show that be include on nbc s lineup for one night in august 1998 . the show take a supernatural turn for a while with some curse jewel steal from a religious icon that turn those who d touch they into shriveled mummy . the story culminate on christmas eve with the return of the jewel to the madonna just in time to prevent the death of several key character .
74 the tsunami storyline prove so popular that two week worth of episode be compile and turn into an hour-long show that be include on nbc s lineup for one night in august 1998 . the show take a supernatural turn for a while with some curse jewel steal from a religious icon that turn those who d touch they into shriveled mummy . the story culminate on christmas eve with the return of the jewel to the madonna just in time to prevent the death of several key character .
7 at lahinch the sea shine like a jewel with joy you be ready to shout when the stoker cry out there be no fuel
18 in this festival also call the brahmotsavam the idol of kapaleashwarar and karpagambal be decorate with clothes and jewel mount on a vahanam sanskrit for vehicle and then take around the temple and its water tank in a pradakshinam a clockwise orbit when see from above . this be repeat with different vahanam over the next nine day .
22 list of shorts 1965 01 the great degaulle stone operation ff the inspector be to guard the famous diamond from the three-headed jewel thief name left-right-wong try to steal it .
69 his botch attempt at escape from prison add ever more year to his sentence . 19 le escape goat gc sack for let louie le fink escape the inspector try to stop he get revenge on the commissioner in such a way that the commissioner think the inspector be try to kill he . 20 crow de guerre gc the inspector be continually outwit by a crow that steal jewel . 21 canadian can-can gc send to canada on an exchange programme the inspector be send after two-faced harry who have a good face on his front and an evil face on his back . after threaten the cartoonist at the end the inspector end up with two face too .
7 1968 24 london derriere gc have chase jewel thief louie le swine around the world the inspector try to get he in london only to continually fall afoul of the no-gun law and a london police captain who hit he with an umbrella every time he touch a gun . 25 les miserobots gc the inspector be fire after be replace by a very efficient police robot so he try to destroy it . after the inspector s many backfired attempt the robot do such a good job that the commissioner end up lose his job and join the inspector in a skid-row soup kitchen .
67 bouchette ed . the one for the thumb jun 5 2006 pittsburgh post-gazette it be crown by five vince lombardi trophy all top with football-shaped diamond setting to represent their five super bowl victory . the base of each trophy have the roman numeral for their victory with super bowl xl front and center . in front of the trophy be the steeler logo set with colored jewel to mimic the color of the logo . on the top of the crown be pittsburgh and on the bottom be world champions . one side of the ring have the super bowl xl logo and the score of the game .
80 hms sovereign of the seas be order in august 1634 on personal initiative of charles i of england who desire a giant great ship to be build . the decision provoke much opposition from the brethren of trinity house who point out that there be no port in the kingdome that can harbour this shipp . the wild sea must bee she port she anchor and cable she safety if either fayle the shipp must perish the king lose his jewel four or five hundred man must die and perhaps some great and noble peer . evelyn berckman creators and destroyers of the english navy — as relate by the state papers domestic london 1974 p.79 but the king overcame the objection with the help of john pennington and from may 1635 she be build by peter pett later a commissioner of the navy under the guidance of his father phineas the king s master shipwright and be launch at woolwich dockyard on 13 october 1637 .
25 němcová be sign to chic management in sydney australia . recently she travel in mykonos island to attend a party in honor of de grisogono jewel and she also do a fashion shooting for the greek edition of hello magazine . němcová be also sign to next models management .
30 in 1997 she play brooke logan temporarily on the bold and the beautiful she replace katherine kelly lang when lang go on maternity leave . several month later she play jewel thief jade sheridan on sunset beach . in 2005 ferguson temporarily join the cast of general hospital as a recast felicia scorpio-jones on a recur basis . she have be cast as dr. charlotte taylor on nbc s day of our life .
31 sepp blatter the president of fifa comment “the national football museum merit my admiration as a footballer and as the president of fifa — it be a superb realisation a real jewel ” “ i can’t think of a better museum anywhere in the world . ” sir bobby charlton president of the national football museum
67 rogers be at the zenith of his popularity the country s biggest and highest pay star of every medium of his time stage screen radio newspaper and public appearance and be even ask to run for president . this do not leave he much time for betty and she begin to feel neglect and start sing the blues . rogers come home with a treasury of precious jewel and all be forgive . the good mood do not last long however as bill collector and creditor come knock at the door . ziegfeld have lose his fortune and the great depression be in full swing .
81 jessica wake up and omri and patrick tell she she be visit the future and its a dream and get she to give a performance for they . they greatly enjoy it but when gillon start to come in send she home suddenly through the cashbox . later omri learn from his mother that the jewelry box be return in ruin with none of the jewelry inside change nothing bert only say he would return the jewel-case without specify that the jewel would still be in it . he then remember she mention something about this back when she first give he the key so everything be alright . a week later he attend tom s funeral and figure out that jessica give the earring to tom who give they to his daughter after he see she wear they .
11 the original release of very be package in a unique orange jewel case with raised bump sometimes unofficially describe as the lego case design by daniel weil of pentagram in london . very relentless be similarly unique with the two cd house in card sleeve very in orange and relentless in pink with both of these house in a translucent rubber case with raise bump .
15 the album be reissue in 1996 as a mid-price release this time in a standard jewel case with a new sleeve show an image of the original case .
56 retrieve july 26 2009 . van rensselaer s name be not include in the name of the new company since he contribute only one eighth of the investment capital whereas van wely contribute half 192,000 guilder . in 1616 van wely be call on by prince maurice to meet at the hague for a sale in jewel . he be murder while wait to meet with the prince . the firm s contract stipulate that at the death of jan van wely the remain member of the firm should continue the partnership for another six year .
40 the building have a pediment at the roof level which be roughly one-third the width of the whole building . over the entry door it read in script west indisch huis . some of van rensselaer s success as a jewel merchant come about due to trade make possible by the dutch east india company . the practical spirit of the dutch merchant could not fail to recognize that the way to riches be through trade with the west indies and africa . during the twelve year truce dutch merchant have sail unmolested to the west indies but also receive no letter of marque to take prize from the enemy .
43 they be use here to transport inanimate cargo around the universe . before use the device the team be warn it could kill organic that use it . the pagan s mind album celestial entrance feature several stargate in the artwork on the jewel case and on the cd itself . garry s mod the popular half-life 2 physics sandbox mod have a downloadable mod which include stargates to travel across map . in an episode of the animate series the grim adventure of billy and mandy entitle king tooten-pooten the episode s titular character king tooten pooten use an ancient egyptian device resemble a stargate make out of stone to summon a swarm of scarab .
38 technique such as jig stop and measure device on machine be not just refine but other technique be develop also . for example statistical method be use to reduce wastage . if a gear staff axel and a jewel bearing hole be design to be a give size then the part that most closely meet those design goal be use in the highest grade watch while staff that be too large would be match to watch jewel with hole that be too large and together they could be use on lower grade watch .
76 technique such as jig stop and measure device on machine be not just refine but other technique be develop also . for example statistical method be use to reduce wastage . if a gear staff axel and a jewel bearing hole be design to be a give size then the part that most closely meet those design goal be use in the highest grade watch while staff that be too large would be match to watch jewel with hole that be too large and together they could be use on lower grade watch .
16 #ppa59,m1 . colonel forbin be the protagonist of the story . other character include tela aka jewel of wilson s foul domain and the evil wilson . several of the narrative section be accompany by background music from the phish song esther and mcgrupp and the watchful hosemaster . the album s final song possum be the only song in the gamehendge cycle not pen by anastasio it be write by original phish guitarist jeff holdsworth .
30 memorial coliseum reuse study a city of portland website memorial coliseum in a fight for its life from the website of historic preservation northwest february 16 2003 portland s crown jewel or a clunker a march 2004 article from the portland tribune alternatives abound for coliseum s future a july 2003 article from the portland tribune urban home center recommend for memorial coliseum redevelopment a may 2003 article from the portland edition of the daily journal of commerce
4 safe cracker con artist jewel thief the thief the boss
75 the factory in elgin close in 1964 after have produce half of the total number of pocket watch manufacture in u.s.a. dollar-type not include . the elgin watch company sell watch under the name elgin and lord elgin . the company produce many of the self-winding automatic wristwatch movement ever make in the united states begin with the 607 and 618 caliber which be bumper wind and the caliber 760 and 761 30 and 27 jewel respectively . usa make automatic be also produce by the bulova .
37 longbox packaging be phase out officially as of april 1 1993 due to the controversy . at the same time major retail store be no longer selling vinyl record and have convert their display to accommodate shrink-wrapped jewel case meet the rise consumer demand for cd while eliminate the need for longbox .
55 the only dragon still alive be saphira shruikan thorn and one unhatched egg in the possession of the evil king galbatorix . dwarves a race older than the elves and of no small power . they be master smith and builder have construct some of alagaësia s most impose structure among they tronjheim the crown jewel of their achievement a city in the shape of an artificial mountain of white marble one mile tall hide in a colossal extinct volcano farthen-dur our father in dwarfish in the beor mountains . the dwarf be shelter in the beor mountains where orik have become their king follow hrothgar s death . orik be a friend and foster brother of eragon who be the first human to be adopt into a dwarf clan .
2 see also jewel bear journal bear kinematic models for design digital library kmoddl movie and photo of hundred of work mechanical-system model at cornell university .
8 hetsu-kagami a mirror yatsuka-no-tsurugi a sword iku-tama a jewel makarukaheshi-tama a jewel taru-tama a jewel
8 yatsuka-no-tsurugi a sword iku-tama a jewel makarukaheshi-tama a jewel taru-tama a jewel chikaheshi-no-tama a jewel
8 iku-tama a jewel makarukaheshi-tama a jewel taru-tama a jewel chikaheshi-no-tama a jewel orochi-no-hire a type of long scarf wear by woman
8 makarukaheshi-tama a jewel taru-tama a jewel chikaheshi-no-tama a jewel orochi-no-hire a type of long scarf wear by woman hachi-no-hire a type of long scarf wear by woman
12 eudoxie enter at which léopold hide to order from eléazar a valuable jewel for a present for she husband .
27 rachel who have follow samuel to the palace offer she service as a lady s maid to eudoxie . eléazar arrive at the palace to deliver the jewel . he and rachel recognise léopold as samuel . rachel declare that leopold seduce she before the assembly and she eléazar and léopold be arrest and place in prison on the instruction of brogni .
6 alpha omicron pi have only one jewel the ruby . the occasional use of pearl or diamond in special badge have no significance or special meaning .
29 gorice be the reincarnation of his predecessor gorice xi. he rule from carcë the capital of witchland . he wear an iron crown shape like a crab encrust with jewel and his signet ring be in the shape of the ouroboro of the book s title .
65 britain s share of world trade fall from one-fourth in 1880 one-sixth in 1913 and one-eighth in 1948 . britain be no longer supply half the need in manufactured goods of such nation as germany france belgium and the united states . britain be even grow incapable of dominate the market of india a crown colony by 1858 that disraeli would later deem the brightest jewel of the crown — manchu china the coast of africa and latin america .
59 the same phenomenon be report to be present also in the florida everglade and in the pripyat marshes soviet union as well . scientific explanation of the phenomenon be provide within the book however ballard offer mostly an interior and psychological perspective about it directly through sander experience . several fact furthermore remain unexplained for example the ability of jewel to liquefy the crystal . the crystal also have the property to keep object and being in a suspend state of existence . many passage deal with this characteristic point out its capability to stop time and life .
18 you get what you give by the new radicals the power of goodbye by madonna standing still by jewel inner smile by texas life be a rollercoaster by ronan keating
45 currently the album be available from audiophile label mobile fidelity sound lab udcd 763 and from the itune music store . the booklet for the mobile fidelity release which be issue in 2006 include an update calendar for 2006 . a sticker affix to the jewel case on the issue incorrectly identify live peace in toronto as lennon s first solo album when in fact it be his fourth such release .
5 the general signification of three jewel be the buddha the dharma the teaching
14 satella harvenheit サテラ·ハーベンハイト satera hābenhaito voiced by michiko neya japanese tiffany grant english a jewel summoner and bounty hunter who kill devil . she entire family be wipe out by the hornless demon who turn out to be aion save for she and she older sister florette aka fiore . she be now the search for she sister who be take by aion .
19 florette fiore harvenheit フィオレ/フロレット·ハーベンハイト fiore/furoretto hābenhaito voiced by natsuko kuwatani japanese monica rial english fiore be a very powerful jewel summoner who be joshua s caretaker/maid whom he refer to as older sister . when she be younger she be take by aion who erase she memory . aion replace she memory of satella with memory of joshua which in turn make she think that joshua be she brother .
14 the cover photo of the little boy be also use for the album plastic jewel by the flamingo . the flamingos album come out two week before fountain of wayne .
52 when the oils be distribute to a priest for he to use in his ministy they be keep in a smaller vessel with three compartment know as an oil stock . there be also a type of oil stock that be shape like a ring to make the anointing easier . the jewel of the ring be a container with a removeable lid .
13 shri chintamanishri chintamani theurganesha be believe to have get back the precious chinatamani jewel from the greedy guna for sage kapila at this spot . however after bring back the jewel sage kapila put it in vinayaka s ganesha s neck . thus the name chintamani vinayak .
30 shri chintamanishri chintamani theurganesha be believe to have get back the precious chinatamani jewel from the greedy guna for sage kapila at this spot . however after bring back the jewel sage kapila put it in vinayaka s ganesha s neck . thus the name chintamani vinayak . this happen under the kadamb tree therefore theur be know as kadambanagar in old time .
43 the main hall of the temple be 20feet long and the inner hall be 10feet long . this idol face the east have its trunk towards the left and ruby in its eye . there be a diamond on the forehead and some jewel in the navel . the temple top be golden and be possibly build by chimaji appa after defeat the portuguese ruler of vasai and sashti . the temple be probably build around 1785ad.
35 the imperial regalia of japan 三種の神器 sanshu no jingi mikusa no kandakara also know as the three sacred treasure of japan consist of the sword kusanagi 草薙劍 the mirror yata no kagami 八咫鏡 and the jewel yasakani no magatama 八尺瓊曲玉 . the regalia represent the three primary virtue valor the sword wisdom the mirror and benevolence the jewel .
57 the imperial regalia of japan 三種の神器 sanshu no jingi mikusa no kandakara also know as the three sacred treasure of japan consist of the sword kusanagi 草薙劍 the mirror yata no kagami 八咫鏡 and the jewel yasakani no magatama 八尺瓊曲玉 . the regalia represent the three primary virtue valor the sword wisdom the mirror and benevolence the jewel .
29 due to the legendary status of these item their location be not confirm but it be commonly think that the sword be locate at atsuta shrine in nagoya the jewel be locate at kokyo the imperial palace in tokyo and the mirror be locate in the grand shrine of ise in mie prefecture . a replica of the mirror yata no kagamus be also say to be in the kashikodokoro one of the three palace sanctuaries at least one of these may not be the original .
6 two of the three treasure the jewel and sword include the emperor s and the state seal be last see during the accession and enthronement of emperor akihito in 1989 and 1993 but be shroud in package .
26 accord to legend when amaterasu hide in a cave from she brother susanoo thus plunge the world in darkness the goddess ame-no-uzume hang the mirror and jewel outside the cave and lure she out of the cave at which point she see she own reflection and be startle enough that the god could pull she out of the cave . susanoo later present in apology to amaterasu the sword kusanagi which he have obtain from the body of an eight-headed serpent orochi .
63 it move to its present building on elvet hill in 1964 become one of the first of the university s hill college . the college building be in a modernist style have be design by architect sir basil spence and arrange in a semi-circular arrangement surround a central lawn . the original design be intend to represent the hand of god hold a jewel with the curved corridor as the finger the straight corridor as his thumb and a small chapel as the jewel . however financial constraint prevent the chapel from ever be build and later extension to the straight section do not follow the original idea .
83 it move to its present building on elvet hill in 1964 become one of the first of the university s hill college . the college building be in a modernist style have be design by architect sir basil spence and arrange in a semi-circular arrangement surround a central lawn . the original design be intend to represent the hand of god hold a jewel with the curved corridor as the finger the straight corridor as his thumb and a small chapel as the jewel . however financial constraint prevent the chapel from ever be build and later extension to the straight section do not follow the original idea .
35 the german granddaughter of a nazi geneticist in a lesbian marriage with blitzen later join heroes . epiphany appear only once upon be recall from a deep-cover mission . iota isadora wellington-smythe be an international jewel thief with the ability to shrink herself and other object . iron butterfly kahina eskandari be a palestinian with ferrokinetic control of any and all metallic substance . payback kevin franklin a bang baby able to transform into large yellow-green skinned monster with superhuman strength and durability .
61 titanic adventure out of time come in three version a pc macintosh or hybrid version that work on both the windows and mac . version 1.0 of the game be an upgrade of the game from gte entertainment to just cyberflix and be a stability upgrade first release in 1997 . it come in either a threefold cd jacket or a jewel case version . the french and german version of the game come in two paper sleeve . the mac and windows version be release first produce by
30 erzulie dantor hatian vodou goddess of wealth vengeance and protection . she be syncretise with our lady of czestochowa . erzulie freda dahomey haitian vodou goddess of beauty dancing flower jewel love and luxury . marry to damballa agwe and ogoun . she be syncretise with mater dolorosa .
69 nicolas fatio nicolas fatio de duillier alternative name be facio or faccio february 26 1664 may 12 1753 be a swiss mathematician know for his work on the zodiacal light problem for his very close relationship with isaac newton for his role in the newton v. leibniz calculus controversy and for originate the push or shadow theory of gravitation . he also develop and patent a method of perforate jewel for use in clock .
37 to optimize the capture of solar energy and thereby plant productivity fatio in 1699 suggest use a tracking mechanism which could pivot to follow the sun . around 1700 he and pierre de baufre try to use jewel as wheel bearing in mechanical clock . in 1705 both receive a patent for that still common technology .
46 in 1891 františek křižík a graduate and honorary doctor of prague polytechnic construct the first electric streetcar in prague . architect josef zítek professor at the polytechnic design many beautiful building in bohemia germany and austria . his work include the national theatre in prague the jewel of czech architecture . in 1912 jan zvoníček professor of the theory and design of steam engine and compressor invent a radial steam turbine . in 1921 the academician františek klokner found the research and test institute for material and structure .
61 maigrey leave as well travel to the nauseous planet of laskar where a weapon magnate name snaga ohme have be build a new weapon . this space-rotation bomb design by sagan and intend for his purchase could theoretically destroy the entire universe . maigrey buy it by sell she soul in the form of she starjewel only to realize that say jewel be the bomb s arming key . meanwhile dion tusk and nola travel to laskar as well call by a distress call ostensibly from maigrey but actually send by abdiel leader and only remain member of the order of the black lightning . these mind-seizer as they be informally call use their blood royal telepathy and nanobiotic machine to take control of their follower mind .
36 the assortiment literally assortment in english be the part of a watch other than the ébauche in particular the regulating organ and include the balance hairspr or spiral escape wheel anchor lever and pallet stone or jewel . the modern ébauche be a jeweled watch movement without its regulating organ mainspring dial or hand .
1 the jewel of the neighborhood be the south shore cultural center previously the south shore country club which begin as a lakefront retreat for the wealthiest of chicago’s mover and shaker . marshall and fox architect of the drake blackstone and edgewater beach hotels be hire to design an opulent mediterranean-style clubhouse for a membership that include chicago s most prominent family . the grounds provide private stable and members-only beach and golf course .
51 the story then unfold from the perspective of hiro a teenaged archaeologist who reside in the salyan desert with his grandparent and adolescent dragon companion ruby who like nall in the previous game resemble a talking winged cat . the game begin with hiro and ruby pilfer a dragon s eye jewel from one of the several ancient ruin in their region . the escapade end with hiro inadvertently set off a trap that force they to flee from the ruin and ultimately prevent their return .
21 the trio s next stop be in malaysia where chowdhury be send on a gem-stealing errand and disappear after give the jewel to sobhraj . no trace of he be ever find and it be widely believe that sobhraj murder his former accomplice before leave with leclerc to sell the jewel in geneva . . .
50 the trio s next stop be in malaysia where chowdhury be send on a gem-stealing errand and disappear after give the jewel to sobhraj . no trace of he be ever find and it be widely believe that sobhraj murder his former accomplice before leave with leclerc to sell the jewel in geneva . . . however some source say that chowdhury be spot in germany much later and hunt for he be still on .
94 the first futari wa pretty cure max heart the movie 映画 ふたりはプリキュア ー マックスハート eiga futari wa purikyua makkusu haato premiere april 16 2005 . in the movie the creature round square marquis oval heart pear and triliant who reside in the garden of hope 希望の園 kibou no sono have call in pretty cure to save their world from a witch from the dark zone who want to take the garden of hope s diamond line which consist of several piece of jewelry wear by the queen of hope on she birthday . these jewel if fall in the wrong hand will cause the garden of hope to become unbalanced thereby cause everything else to become destroy and enable the restoration of the dark king .
50 in robert a. heinlein s stranger in a strange land the protagonist michael spend some time live with carny . in theodore sturgeon s novel the dreaming jewels the hero flee with carny to escape a brutal father . the head carny collect unusual people because he have discover strange jewel that create people as work of art . sturgeon himself work as a carny for a time . tattoo of a naked lady be a novel by ex-carny randy everhard that depict the freak show of american sexuality .
37 he refuse she offer of treatment . all through the afternoon olga fret over the guard whom she call her poor fellow . king and wilson p . 143 at tobolsk olga and she sister have sew jewel into their clothing in hope of hide they from the bolsheviks since alexandra have write to warn they that upon arrival in ekaterinburg she nicholas and maria have be aggressively search and belongings confiscate . robert wilton last day of the romanovs p.30
104 the gunman initially kill nicholas the empress and two male servant grand duchess marie dr botkin and the empress maidservant demidova be wound but olga tatiana and anastasia be unharm . smoke plaster dust and fume from the gun have become so dense that the gunman could no longer see their target and they leave the room for some minute to let the haze clear leave the victim in the room . when they return the first to die be dr botkin after which the tsarevich alexei be slaughter one gunman try repeatedly to shoot or stab the boy with a bayonet but the jewel sew into his clothes protect he . after some minute another gunman fire two shot into the boy s head . the gunman then turn on the grand duchesses .
5 gallerymostrance of pure gold and jewel . can . 1517 cathedral of toledo . spain.ca .
45 tragically the entire city and surround village be reduce to rubble in total 50 town and village be destroy . six thousand people die and thousand more be leave homeless and destitute by the disaster . the city previously hold to be one of the jewel of ecuador begin the hard and painful process of rescue those trap in the fallen building . aid arrive not only from ecuador but other country of the world as well .
9 the rackets king 1938 murder for sale 1938 death jewel 1938 the green hoods 1938 crime over boston 1938
33 on 14 july 2007 paul buchanan and robert bell play manchester s bridgewater hall as part of the manchester international festival . bridgewater hall s website preview the night as one of the jewel of british music the blue nile have infrequently yet consistently create music of rare truth and beauty . for their first appearance in more than seven year they perform their only uk show at manchester international festival . the perfect saturday night .
64 in 1265 tusi write a manuscript regard the calculation for nth root of an integer . moreover he reveal the coefficient of the expansion of a binomial to any power give the binomial formula and the pascal triangle relation between binomial coefficient . he also write a famous work on theory of colour base on mixture of black and white and include section on jewel and perfume .
70 the term hokora today define an extremely small shrine of the type one see on the side of many japanese road . many shrine have on their grounds one of the original great yorishiro a big tree surround by a sacred rope call shimenawa 標縄・注連縄・七五三縄 once a yorishiro it be now itself an object of worship . analogously many other sacred object we find today in shrine mirror sword comma-shaped jewel call magatama be originally yorishiro and only later become kamus themselves by association . some time in their evolution the word miya 宮 meaning palace come into use indicate that shrine have by then become the impose structure of today .
61 the main attraction be the aartee and the shringar i .e . the dressing and beautifying of the idol of lord treat it as a person adorn it with best appropriate dress for the time of day night . the intricately weave shaneel and silk clothe have original zarus and embroidery work do upon they along with tonne of real precious jewel . the formal prayer be offer with diya incense stick flower fruit and other offering with local instrument and devotional song of the lord shrinathji accord to the demand of the time and occasion . the view of the idol call jhakhi after the ‘‘parda’ ’ curtain be remove be a spectacular sight that be simply mesmerize lead to a melee gully of visitor crowd to have a glimpse jhakhi of divine lord .
19 he wear a patterned tie . 1855-65 . # manet s unidentified man wear a tie secure with a jewel at the neck a shawl-collared waistcoat and a contrasting coat 1860 . # british journalist george augustus sala wear an overcoat with black velvet collar wide lapel and deep cuff over a frock coat waistcoat and tweed trousers . he wear leather glove and carry a top hat .
27 necktie fashion include the four-in-hand and toward the end of the decade the ascot tie a tie with wide wing and a narrow neckband fasten with a jewel or stickpin . ties knot in a bow remain a conservative fashion and a white bowtie be require with formal evening wear .
1 of jewel the diamond of heavenly body saturn the planet saturn be further associate with the metal lead in traditional alchemical/occultistic lore
22 the neighborhood have plenty of apartment building that vary in appearance from well-maintained to badly in need of maintenance . however the jewel of country club park have to be the area around the intersection of 12th street and westchester place . the network of street surround the grounds of the claretian retreat center contain some of the nicest home in the neighborhood .
11 the monk possess a library that constitute a repository for valuable jewel belong to the cantacuzino family as well as the earliest romanian translation of the bible date 1668 .
63 concession reach their zenith after a crucial rail link through vichy france be sever in 1942 leave switzerland completely surround by the axis . switzerland rely on trade for half of its food and essentially all of its fuel but control vital trans-alpine rail tunnel between germany and italy . switzerland s most important export during the war be precision machine tool watch jewel bearing used in bombsight electricity and dairy product . during world war ii the swiss franc be the only remain major freely convertible currency in the world citation need and both the ally and the germans sell large amount of gold to the swiss national bank . between 1940 and 1945 the german reichsbank sell 1.3 billion franc worth of gold to swiss bank in exchange for swiss franc and other foreign currency .
51 the twin be then raise as commoner by thief to avoid be slay by the king . when they go to plunder konjuro s sea keep they accidentally reveal their identity to he . the twin then start run from a demon summon to kill they but it appear that the jewel they steal attract it . after smash the stone to avoid the demon two of tyrannus s old adviser come out and tell the two about the sword of ultimate sorcery and the talisman of penultimate truth . they be then transport by method of pit to earthworld .
17 clémentine also find time to design a royal crown for ferdinand which include a requisite number of jewel from she own dressing case . news of the world gossip of the day 9 december 1900 p . 6 unfortunately ferdinand make a number of alteration to the design but decide not to pay the painter for paint a portrait of the new crown lead he to be sue by the painter in a munich court .
40 throughout the summer the seafair pirates participate in approximately 40 local festival as well as several hundred private appearance . the grand finale be the seattle seafair torchlight parade that occur in august . seafair have become a home town jewel that reach nearly 2 million puget sound resident each summer . seafair about seafair history
21 in fantasy fable and game treasure chest be frequently use as a plot device to contain treasure such as gold or jewel . these be often a reward for a protagonist or in some story a form of macguffin a literary device which exist solely to drive forward a plot .
7 montevallo s campus be consider an architectural jewel . its appearance be more in line with private elite institution . the central part of campus be a national historic district .
21 the third bag belong to mrs. van hoskins mabel albertson a rich woman who be use it to store she valuable jewel .
47 howard eunice mrs. van hoskins and mr. smith all happen to check into the hotel bristol at the same time whereupon judy lodge herself there without pay and begin pursue howard to his bewilderment . two hotel employee sorrell booke and stefan gierasch attempt to steal the jewel belong to mrs. van hoskins while mr. jones attempt to get the bag belong to mr. smith . over the course of the evening the bag get switch willy-nilly from room to room as the four party unwittingly take one another s suitcase . howard end up with the jewel judy with the document mr. smith with the clothes and the thief end up with the rock .
62 two hotel employee sorrell booke and stefan gierasch attempt to steal the jewel belong to mrs. van hoskins while mr. jones attempt to get the bag belong to mr. smith . over the course of the evening the bag get switch willy-nilly from room to room as the four party unwittingly take one another s suitcase . howard end up with the jewel judy with the document mr. smith with the clothes and the thief end up with the rock . few people ever actually open the bag to confirm that what they think they have be what they actually possess . meanwhile judy manage both to secure the grant for howard while masquerade as eunice and to destroy his hotel room .
31 in the end everything be clear up mrs. van hoskins pay the considerable damages in howard s name with the reward money he would have receive for the return of she jewel the hotel thief be force to flee the country and the papers be put back in the hand of the government though perhaps not for long ... . more importantly judy expose simon as a fraud and plagiarist thus get howard the grant eunice leave howard for larrabee and judy announce she be take one more pass at college study music history at the iowa conservatory of music . the film end on a suitably romantic and silly note as howard and judy share an airborne kiss while their in-flight movie show the bugs bunny cartoon that give the film its name.cast
47 follow the outbreak of world war ii in europe during the summer of 1940 the government of the united kingdom organize highly secret shipment of bond and stock to montreal that be store in the vault at sun life . it be rumour that the british crown jewel be also store in sun life s montreal vault for the duration of the war . the security be use to help finance the war .
44 canto lv be mainly concern with the rise of the tatars and the tartar wars end about 1200 . there be a lot on money policy in this canto and pound quote approvingly the tartar ruler oulo who note that the people cannot eat jewel . this be echo in canto lvi when kinkwa remark that both gold and jade be inedible . this canto be mainly concern with ghengis and kublai khan and the rise of their yeun dynasty .
11 emerson 6 bottom disk plow lacrosse 5 bottom disk plow cockshutt jewel gang plow with pole and evener moline 3 bottom disk plow massey-harris power lift tractor disk plow
67 stanford memorial church also know as memchu be locate at the center of the stanford university campus in stanford california united states . it be build during the american renaissance gregg p . 34 by jane stanford as a memorial to she husband leland . design by architect charles a. coolidge a protegé of henry hobson richardson the church have be call the university s architectural crown jewel .
13 isbn 1-5689-8538-x oberhausen judy spring 2005 . stanford memorial church a late victorian jewel . in the pre-raphaelite society newsletter of the united states no. 10 pp . 3–4 .
10 the firm acquire and sell some of the french crown jewel in 1887 firmly establish its reputation . tiffany co. | biographies | charles lewis tiffany |
31 the kingdom of toys have lot of secret 映画フレッシュプリキュア おもちゃの国は秘密がいっぱい furesshu purikyua omocha no kuni wa himitsu ga ippai # pretty cure all stars dx2 light of hope protect the rainbow jewel プリキュアオールスターズＤＸ 希望の光レインボージュエルを守れ ！ precure all stars dx2 kibou no hikari rainbow jewel will mamore upcoming
24 the gestapo become aware of his activity because of a jewish woman who have be help by he . the woman have leave she jewel behind in a hotel in bergenz . once in switzerland she ask grüninger to help she recover she belongings . to do so he get in touch with ernest prodolliet of the swiss consulate in that town .
30 in a letter to she relative in vienna the woman write there be a wonderful police captain call paul grüninger . he promise i that he would look after my jewel and bring they to i from our friend s hotel . the letter be intercept by the nazis . the gestapo imprison the hotel owner and confiscate the jewel .
38 he promise i that he would look after my jewel and bring they to i from our friend s hotel . the letter be intercept by the nazis . the gestapo imprison the hotel owner and confiscate the jewel . from that moment on the secret police decide to watch grüninger s move . not long after that the swiss federal authorities in bern be inform about grüninger s illegal activity .
47 may 6 the final episode of friends air on nbc draw an estimate 52 million viewer in north america . advertiser pay $ 2 million for 30 second ad . may 8 would-be saudi princess antoinette millard surface in new york city claim that mugger have steal jewel worth of $ 262,000 from she she later prove to be an impostor . may 12 an american civilian contractor in iraq nick berg be show be decapitate by a group allegedly link to al-qaeda on an internet-distributed video . they state it be retaliation for the abuse at abu ghraib prison .
16 the first be the story of the jumi a die race of people who have external jewel heart which be consider valuable . the jumi have apparently long be a persecuted people as many magic character in this game refer to they as dirt —a nasty comment on their jewel core . this branch focus on elazul and pearl who be among the few survivor of the jumi .
49 the first be the story of the jumi a die race of people who have external jewel heart which be consider valuable . the jumi have apparently long be a persecuted people as many magic character in this game refer to they as dirt —a nasty comment on their jewel core . this branch focus on elazul and pearl who be among the few survivor of the jumi . elazul be a jumi knight and the mission of his life be to protect the jumi guardian pearl at any cost even in the face of the jewel hunter sandra .
73 the jumi have apparently long be a persecuted people as many magic character in this game refer to they as dirt —a nasty comment on their jewel core . this branch focus on elazul and pearl who be among the few survivor of the jumi . elazul be a jumi knight and the mission of his life be to protect the jumi guardian pearl at any cost even in the face of the jewel hunter sandra .
33 retrieve from link . moon p. the transfer of power 1942-7 constitutional relations between britain and india volume x the mountbatten viceroyalty-formulation of a plan 22 march-30 may 1947 . review divide the jewel at jstor moon blake d. and ashton s. the transfer of power 1942-7 constitutional relations between britain and . review divide the jewel at jstor
26 review divide the jewel at jstor moon blake d. and ashton s. the transfer of power 1942-7 constitutional relations between britain and . review divide the jewel at jstor tunzelmann a. indian summer . henry holt .
24 when he retire in 1902 he receive a knighthood and for the next 19 year much of his time be spend guard the crown jewel in london where he die in 1921 .
8 nickname s cradle of the goiana press rare jewel of the center-west
47 and with that he grab lala and spirit she away to his castle in the cloud . but fortunately lala be able to analyze each of the maze as she be take to the tower and leave clue in the jewel boxes in each room . each jewel that lolo collect contain a bit of information that will help he in the next room . with your help they will work together to free their people from the clutch of the king .
14 it have be report in the biography of jean arthur and elsewhere that the jewel and fur arthur wear in the film be genuine and that guard be post during the filming because of their value .
33 translated from the tibetan edit and annotate by adriano clemente with the help of the author . translate from italian into english by andy lukianowicz . takasaki 1966 convey that the ratnagotra lineal jewel gem lineage be a synonym for the buddha nature the element which be as it be this be the everlasting aspect of the continuum of be the aspect that be constant and unsullied or in dzogchen technical language primordial purity wylie ka dag which be none other than the one taste ro gcig of the gnosis of commonality/egality sanskrit samatā-jñāna as be metaphorically twilighted in the rgv as dhruva sanskrit pole star . from the vantage of the northern hemisphere of earth the pole star be apt because day or night it be always in the sky hence constant immutable and fix but not necessarily visible the pole star appear not to move but the heavenly body revolve around it as though it be a fixed point sanskrit bindu . just as the pole star be not truly fix in the sky the everlasting aspect be not eternal and should be understand as subject to the catuṣkoṭi which be employ in the rgv.
104 by his work by that which he give or receive or do he may also be periphrase in term of his property those thing which he possess and if he be liberal of his liberality likewise in term of the family from which he descend as well as of those which have spring from he . how be one to periphrase he in term of these thing thus by call he accomplisher or performer of his going or his conduct of his battle or sea-voyage or hunting or weapon or ship .... woman should be periphrase with reference to all female garment gold and jewel ale or wine or any other drink or to that which she dispens or give likewise with reference to ale-vessel and to all those thing which it become she to perform or to give . it be correct to periphrase she thus by call she giver or user of that of which she partake . but the word for giver and user be also name of tree therefore woman be call in metaphorical speech by all feminine tree-name . 2
19 the building be dub by then de la salle university system president br . armin luistro fsc as the jewel in the crown of the de la salle university system school best of benilde 2005 special edition perspective . marketing communications office . 2005 as well as one of de la salle s most ambitious project .
27 the return of barnabas collins in 1967 willie loomis john karlen be forage in the collins family crypt at the cemetery for the family s rumor lost jewel . he stumble upon the chained coffin in which barnabas sleep . believe the coffin to contain the lose riches of the collins family willie accidentally release the vampire .
61 the badge for the second third fourth fifth and sixth class be a maltese cross in gilt 1st 3rd and 4th class gilt and silver 5th class and silver 6th class with white enameled ray represent the sword . the central disc be blue bear an eight-pointed silver star represent the mirror surround by a wreath with red-enameled dot represent the jewel . the badge be suspend on a ribbon in light blue with a yellow stripe near the border wear as a sash on the right shoulder by the 1st class as a necklet by male of the 3rd class on the left chest the ribbon fold into a triangle by the 4th to 6th class with a rosette for the 4th class . for female of the 3rd to 6th class the ribbon be a bow wear on the left shoulder with a rosette for the 4th class .
27 the badge of the seventh and eighth class be an eight-pointed silver medal partially gild for the 7th class with representation of just the mirror and the jewel . the badge be suspend on a ribbon again in light blue with a yellow stripe near the border wear by man on the left chest the ribbon fold into a triangle . for woman the ribbon be a bow wear on the left shoulder .
21 on the night of the oakdale halloween gala simon convince carly to help he steal the one of the prince s jewel supposedly worth million of dollar . they succeed and simon give the diamond to carly as a necklace . meanwhile carly s sorased daughter sage find a magic crystal which she include in she science project .
55 katie ransack carly s house and find what she think be the diamond but it turn out that the diamond have be accidentally switch with sage s cubic zirconium . simon get the crystal and throw it in a trash bin but it come back to bite they again . a worker have find the jewel in the trash and bob and kim get a hold of it ...and katie see it and have the proof to arrest simon and carly .
19 throw your arm around i hunters and collector when i be go phil ochs who will save your soul jewel
69 a 1998 birding expedition to gurúè re-discover the country s only endemic namuli apalis unseen since it be discover in 1932 . it be now know to be thriving in forest in this area . accord to a recent university of cape town scientific expedition in a land of many natural treasure namuli a mount near gurúè with 2419m and be the second highest mountain in mozambique be the jewel in the crown and a high-priority site for bird in africa . namuli apalis
9 fbi surveillance photograph of joseph d. pistone pose as jewel thief donnie brasco .
27 after an extensive amount of background work the name donald brasco be choose to be pistone s alias and in september 1976 he go undercover as a jewel thief . pistone have state that it be not the original aim to penetrate the mafia rather the focus be to be on a group of people fence steal property from the large number of truck hijacking take place each day in new york at the time five to six a day . it be intend that the undercover operation last for six month rather than six year .
73 eleanor be abduct from hanley castle in january 1329 by william de la zouche who have be one of she husband s captor and who have lead the siege of caerphilly castle . the abduction may in fact have be an elopement in any case eleanor s land be seize by the king edward iii and the couple be order to be arrest . at the same time eleanor be accuse of steal jewel from the tower . sometime after february 1329 she be imprison a second time in the tower of london later she be move to devizes castle . in january 1330 she be release and pardon after agree to sign away the most valuable part of she share of the lucrative clare inheritance to the crown .
28 thief be a 1981 noir crime drama write and direct by michael mann base on the novel the home invaders by frank hohimer the pen name of real-life jewel thief john seybold . the film s cast include james caan tuesday weld james belushi robert prosky and willie nelson .
5 synopsis frank be an expert jewel thief and hard-boiled ex-convict with a set structure to his life . with a pair of successful chicago business a bar and a car dealership as front for his very lucrative criminal enterprise frank set out to fulfill the miss part of his dream a family begin with jessie a cashier he have begin see .
59 at the time a chicago police officer farina appear as a henchman . ironically john santucci who play the role of corrupt cop urizzi be a recently-paroled thief . in 1986 farina and santucci be both cast in michael mann s tv series crime story in their respective role farina as a chicago police officer and santucci as a jewel thief . petersen who would later star in the mann film manhunter appear briefly as a bouncer at a club .
18 his choice of approach be eclectic he be like a jackdaw of art take the best and brightest jewel of each movement and then re-creat they in his own inimitable style . the chiaroscuro contrast in his etching be reminiscent of giovanni battista piranesi or rembrandt . his work have be compare to oriental carpet italian renaissance artist and the old masters he be link to various movement include art and crafts vienna secessionists french impressionist the nabis and art nouveau and his painting show fleeting reference to colleague include sir alfred east dudley hardy and arthur melville but he be in essence his own man .
24 atharva veda 12.2.31 ensure that these woman never weep out of sorrow . keep they free from all disease and give they ornament and jewel to wear .
19 chorus be also release as a limited-edition cd in special packaging cat number int 892.742 . instead of a jewel case it come in a folding cardboard box . the cover be also different with the two portrait take from the side instead of the front . it include the standard lyric booklet as well as 8 picture card with various artwork .
43 castle building the palace the castle building include 4 tower one on each corner and a courtyard with an 80 m deep water well . the biggest tower be the crown tower in the south-east from the 13th century which house the crown jewel see history . the outside wall and inside corridor contain fragment of old gothic and renaissance construction element . to the east of the main entrance one can see the wall up entrance gate from the 16th century .
66 in term of the castle’s function after 1530 the castle be home to select participant of diet meeting include apartment of the king emperor which have be already there since the gothic reconstruction to some central authority of royal hungary the county head of bratislava etc. to the apartment of the governor of royal hungary usually a brother of the emperor and since 1552 the crown jewel be deposit here as well in what be today know as the crown tower . initial and final meeting of the diet take place in the castle too .
25 in 1783 pressburg cease to be the seat of central authority of the kingdom . they be move to buda now budapest . the crown jewel of the kingdom of hungary be move to the hofburg in vienna .
17 on the foam wave between we ar hísië untúpa calaciryo míri oialë . and mist cover the jewel of calacirya for ever . sí vanwa ná rómello vanwa valimar now lose lose to those of the east be valimar
14 a major part of irina s work feature lavishly dress woman deck out in jewel glove and other finery but also adorn themselves with symbolic piece such as choker and other fetishistic prop pose provocatively offer themselves partially disrobe as object of sexual possession .
42 there he meet the elf-maiden lúthien and they fall in love with each other . thingol the father of lúthien do not want his daughter to marry a mortal man . therefore he ask beren for a silmaril one of the hallowed jewel which the dark lord morgoth have steal from the elves as the bride price . with the help of huan and finrod felagund beren and lúthien defeat sauron and come to angband where they steal a silmaril from morgoth s crown . the unfinished poem end when they encounter the wolf carcharoth at the gate of angband .
15 the original cd release be sparse in its packaging it come in a clear slimline jewel case wrap in bubble wrap . the case contain no liner note whatsoever save for a sticker affix to the front refer to the third release in the analogue bubblebath series and the mailing address for rephlex records . the sticker be subtitle with 66 % more bubble and decorate with image of soap bubble .
45 three different package be release in black white and grey . each include a special booklet with the cd case that have lyric to all matthew good band song to date . the word kept in the or dark appear on the spine of the jewel case depend on the colour which would line up if all 3 be put together . help we get rid of the matthew good band appear on the hub of the disc .
37 the sorority be name sigma alpha for sisters in agriculture . the sorority be give color of emerald and maize the baby bull for the mascot the yellow chrysanthemum for the flower and the emerald for the jewel . sigma alpha s motto be woman excel in agriculture .
60 the title of the album come from a hospital wing kevin be in while he be be treat for leukemia where he write much of the album . the band s only single to date driftwood be from this album and a music video be make for that song . the album be package in a digipack with a standard jewel case booklet include within .
22 the basis for the name might also lie in a bucolic legend of lover cimiş şi lia cimiş and lia for whom jewel appear bird sing and spring appear from the earth .
41 on this day marry woman wear new silk sari perform puja to a vegetable symbolize the goddess kaveri . the vegetable be usually a cucumber or a coconut wrap in a piece of red silk cloth and decorate with flower and jewel mainly pathak kodava mangalasuthra . this be call the kanni puje . kanni mean the goddess parvati who incarnate as kaveri .
37 in 1858 lloyd s estimate the total value at £1,200,000 make up of both silver and gold . despite extend operation over £1,000,000 remain unsalved . an uncorroborated newspaper report in 1869 refer to the dutch crown jewel be on board .
62 in easy mode the player will only be able to play until the end of the castle center level at which time the game will ask they to try normal mode to advance to the subsequent stage . upon fulfil certain condition a hard mode will be unlock . in this mode enemy take more hit to defeat and subweapon require more jewel point to use e .g . 2 jewel point for the knife instead of 1 .
70 in easy mode the player will only be able to play until the end of the castle center level at which time the game will ask they to try normal mode to advance to the subsequent stage . upon fulfil certain condition a hard mode will be unlock . in this mode enemy take more hit to defeat and subweapon require more jewel point to use e .g . 2 jewel point for the knife instead of 1 .
49 floor venus of willendorf on the upper floor hochparterre precious stone and mineral can be see along with large dinosaur display and rare fossil along with prehistoric art work the venus von willendorf the skeleton of diplodocus a giant topaz weigh 117 kg 258 lb and the collection of jewel which maria theresia have make as a present for she husband .
41 the arrow and the spindle study in history myth ritual and beliefs in tibet . mandala publishing 1998 pg . 416 in this context the wind horse be typically show without wing but carry the three jewels or the wish fulfil jewel . its appearance be suppose to bring peace wealth and harmony . the ritual invocation of the wind horse usually happen in the morning and during the grow moon .
20 ana e os sete ana and the seven 2003/2004 olá pai hello dad 2003 a jóia de África africa s jewel 2002 super pai super dad 2000-2003 crianças sos child sos 2000
50 karlštejn castle german burg karlstein mean castle on carl s stone czech hrad karlštejn be a large gothic castle found 1348 ad by charles iv holy roman emperor-elect and king of bohemia . the castle serve as a place for safekeep the imperial regalia as well as the bohemian coronation jewel holy relic and other royal treasure . locate about 30 km southwest of prague above the village name karlštejn it be one of the most famous and most frequently visit castle in the czech republic .
16 isbn 978-1843542292 . apparently manage to spread infection among the defender . later the bohemian coronation jewel be move to the castle and be keep there for almost two century with some short-time break .
32 the castle underwent several reconstruction in late gothic style after 1480 in renaissance style in the last quarter of the 16th century . during the thirty year war in 1619 the coronation jewel and the archive be bring to prague and in 1620 the castle be turn over to ferdinand ii holy roman emperor . after have be conquer in 1648 by swedes it fall in disrepair . finally a neo-gothic reconstruction be carry out by josef mocker between 1887 and 1899 give the castle its present look .
15 # the mind warriors part i # the mind warriors part ii # the lost jewel of tibet # the evil of doctor dark # diamond be ming s best friend
31 enemy of reality be the fifth album by american heavy metal band nevermore release in 2003 by century media record . a special limited edition be also release with a black jewel case and a bonus dvd. it contain intense neo-classical guitar solo by guitarist jeff loomis .
5 the three treasure or three jewel chinese 三寶 be basic virtue in taoism . they first appear in tao te ching chapter 67 which lin yutang 1948:292 say contain laozi s most beautiful teaching . every one under heaven say that our way be greatly like folly .
47 in addition to these taoist three treasures chinese sanbao can also refer to the three treasure in traditional chinese medicine or the three jewels in buddhism . victor h. mair 1990:110 note that chinese buddhist choose the taoist term sanbao to translate sanskrit triratna or ratnatraya three jewel and it be not at all strange that the taoist would take over this widespread ancient indian expression and use it for their own purpose .
46 david and solomon be both portray by the bible as have enter into strong alliance with the possibly unnamed king of tyre . in return for cede land to tyre david and solomon be say to have receive a number of master craftsman skilled labourer money jewel cedar and other goods . david s palace and solomon s temple be describe as have be build with the assistance of these tyrian asset as well as to design give by architect from tyre .
84 tyrconnell the territory name after the cenel conaill be the vast territory where the o'donnells hold sway comprise the greater part of the modern county of donegal except the peninsula of inishowen . but it also include area outside donegal such as the barony of carbury in county sligo rosclogher in county leitrim and magheraboy and firlurg in county fermanagh and part of southern county londonderry hence it straddle the modern republic of ireland and also part of northern ireland in the uk. the jewel in the o'donnell crown be o'donnell castle which the o'gara family now assert moral rights over . it also therefore border on territory rule by the o'neills of tyrone who be continually attempt to assert their supremacy over it and hence the history of the o'donnells be for the most part a record of clan warfare with their powerful neighbour and of their own effort to make good their claim to the overlordship of northern connacht . nonetheless tyrconnell exist for a period as an independent kingdom recognise by king henry iii of england see close roll in the tower of london 28 hen .
23 in october 1835 the fifteen-year-old Ásíyih khánum marry bahá’u’lláh in a grand and sumptuous ceremony with the buttons on Ásíyih khánum’s clothes as jewel these jewel be later sell to provide for food for the family during the persecution of bábís in 1852 . the early year of the marriage be apparently happy accord to bahá'í text live a life of luxury with Ásíyih and bahá’u’lláh occupy themselves with philanthropy though naturally Ásíyih only help the woman and young child . the marriage result in seven child kázim browne 1918 p . 320-321 sádiq abbás alí-muhammad bahíyyih mihdí and alí-muhammad .
25 in october 1835 the fifteen-year-old Ásíyih khánum marry bahá’u’lláh in a grand and sumptuous ceremony with the buttons on Ásíyih khánum’s clothes as jewel these jewel be later sell to provide for food for the family during the persecution of bábís in 1852 . the early year of the marriage be apparently happy accord to bahá'í text live a life of luxury with Ásíyih and bahá’u’lláh occupy themselves with philanthropy though naturally Ásíyih only help the woman and young child . the marriage result in seven child kázim browne 1918 p . 320-321 sádiq abbás alí-muhammad bahíyyih mihdí and alí-muhammad .
57 in kuros vision of power kuros start multiclass and after pass certain trial he can change into a thief or a wizard . each of his three class knight thief and wizard have three mode each of which with different capability . use all of these ability kuros have to rescue the imprison princess collect the royal jewel to open the secret door into the castle and confront his archenemy malkil who be pose as the king .
5 bonus tracks bird – 5:09 jewel case it come as last track the gate – 6:45 digipack includes bird as last track and the gate between shadowman and endogenisis
113 jenn have accord to andy and quantum cop an abnormal probability curve which result in strange thing frequently happen in she vicinity thus she many adventure be not really a result of she live so close to casey andy but rather casey andy live next door to she because strange thing be destine to happen in she vicinity . she have a crush on quantum cop and have make repeat attempt to be notice by he but for all his intelligence he never actually seem to catch on until the final arc . she be the future mother of j.j. fairly late in the strip it be reveal that she be an international jewel thief .
34 alice bacon and she mother dorothy be both report by contemporary as have extravagant taste and be interested in wealth and power . however early in the marriage bacon have money to spare pouring jewel in she lap and spend large sum on decoration . power be also available as in march 1617 along with francis bacon be make temporary regent of england a document be draw up make lady bacon first lady in the land take precedence over all other baroness it be not clear whether it be sign into law .
43 march 31 1877 wednesday . . he be inter in the woodlawn cemetery in the bronx new york . his will be probate on may 1 1877 and he leave his wife louisa h. absolutely all the paraphernalia wear apparel watch ring trinket jewel and personal ornament repute to belong to she and during she life the use of all the household furniture book clock bronze and work of art . at she death this be to pass to his daughter florence . he leave only a small annuity for his son .
42 may 1 1877 wednesday . . the will of rowland h. macy the well know sixth-avenue merchant have be file in the surrogate s court . he leave to his widow louisa h. absolutely all the paraphernalia wear apparel watch ring trinket jewel and personal ornament repute to belong to she and during she life the use of all the household furniture book clock bronze and work of art .. . the following year in 1878 la forge die and valentine die in 1879 .
21 2006 pride of hawaii 93,500 gt norwegian cruise line rename norwegian jade 2005 norwegian jewel 92,000 gt norwegian cruise line 2004 jewel of the seas 90,090 gt royal caribbean cruise lines 2004 mv pont-aven 40,700 gt brittany ferry 2003 serenade of the seas 90,090 gt royal caribbean cruise lines
30 st . mary magdalene the patron saint of penitent sinner in religious iconography the bare foot skull the flail the look glass in which beholder’s be not always reflect the jewel cast down to floor . all of these image be in the film . source for the imagery that hitchcock might have have in mind be the painting st . mary magdalene with a candle 1630-1635 and st . mary magdalene with a mirror 1635-1645 both by georges de la tour .
2 today the jewel of greater spiritual religious historic value and material with which count the sanctuary be the beautiful crown of gold and precious stone conclude in a cross of diamond that maintain two angel of solid gold of seven edge of weight that be concoct with the gold and alhajas donate by the dominican town for its canonical and papal coronation celebrate on the altar from the country the 15 of august of the year 1922
33 appetite for disctruction be the first regular album by the german idm group funkstörung . the name be a pun on the guns n roses record appetite for destruction . the cd s jewel case design by the designers republic be print with a silver pattern of the album title . designers republic also design the sleeve for the only single from this album grammy winners and produce the accompanying music video .
55 kwapis ’ fourth feature dunston checks in twentieth century fox 1996 star jason alexander as the manager of a grand hotel in new york city which be own and operate by a tyrant in the leona helmsley mold faye dunaway . an aristocrat of dubious origin rupert everett check into the hotel with an orangutan jewel thief . the film be award both the grand priz du jury “to ken kwapis for the inestimable quality of the film’s direction ” citation need and the audience award at the cannes junior festival in 1997 .
31 no longer part of the rpga as of 2007 . living kingdom of kalamar a medieval fantasy setting set in kenzer company s kingdoms of kalamar . legends of the shine jewel a d&d 3.5 edition campaign set in its own high fantasy campaign world . its originally be an expansion of the live city campaign know as live procampur but be redesign into a custom setting when rpga withdraw support of the campaign after the end of live city . heroes of rokugan/champions of the emerald empire uses the legend of the five rings roleplaying game
28 ermakov then turn on the wounded maria and anastasia who be still unharmed . he struggle with maria and try to stab she with a bayonet . the jewel sew into she clothes protect she and he say he finally shoot she in the head . but the skull that be almost certainly maria s have no bullet wound . perhaps the drunken ermakov inflict a scalp wind knock she unconscious and produce a considerable flow of blood lead ermakov to think he have kill she .
67 he also describe a fanciful adoptive monarchy of the emperor as for the king he be not a permanent figure but be choose as the man most worthy ... the people in this country be tall and regularly feature . they resemble the chinese and that be why the country be call da qin the great qin ... the soil produce lot of gold silver and rare jewel include the jewel which shine at night ... they sew embroider tissue with gold thread to form tapestry and damask of many colour and make a gold-painted cloth and a cloth washed-in-the-fire asbestos . hou hanshu cite in leslie and gardiner
70 he also describe a fanciful adoptive monarchy of the emperor as for the king he be not a permanent figure but be choose as the man most worthy ... the people in this country be tall and regularly feature . they resemble the chinese and that be why the country be call da qin the great qin ... the soil produce lot of gold silver and rare jewel include the jewel which shine at night ... they sew embroider tissue with gold thread to form tapestry and damask of many colour and make a gold-painted cloth and a cloth washed-in-the-fire asbestos . hou hanshu cite in leslie and gardiner
5 special honor grand cross with jewel and sword be award only once to carl gustaf emil mannerheim 4 june 1944 . grand cross with jewel to three finns senator otto stenroth 1938 foreign minister carl enckell 1946 and jean sibelius 1950 . juha e. tetri .
24 special honor grand cross with jewel and sword be award only once to carl gustaf emil mannerheim 4 june 1944 . grand cross with jewel to three finns senator otto stenroth 1938 foreign minister carl enckell 1946 and jean sibelius 1950 . juha e. tetri . kunniamerkkikirja .
41 inside the cave give the fleischer a chance to show their tabletop 3d background process popeye sneak past the guard and attempt to free olive and wimpy . he confront abu hassan and demand that he give the forty thief steal jewel back to the people . he be apprehend and throw into a shark pit . just before be eat by a shark popeye tangle the shark s tooth together and the shark go back down into the water .
73 just before be eat by a shark popeye tangle the shark s tooth together and the shark go back down into the water . popeye then produce his spinach open it by command the can open sez i now superpower popeye defeat abu hassan and all forty of the thief count they as he do so . the thief and hassan be chain and make to drag a cart fill with the steal jewel popeye olive and wimpy back to town where the townspeople await they with open arm . popeye turn to olive and sing as the film irise out i may be a shorty/but i lick the forty i be popeye the sailor man toot toot .
19 possibly the best-known building in the southern half of new zealand s south island dunedin railway station be a jewel in the country s architectural crown . design by george troup the station be the fourth building to have serve as dunedin s railway station . it earn its architect the nickname of gingerbread george .
41 number seventeen be a 1932 film direct by alfred hitchcock base on a stage play by j. jefferson farjeon and star john stuart anne grey and leon m. lion . the film be about a group of criminal who commit a jewel robbery and put their money in an old house over a railway lead to the english channel the film s title be derive from the house s street number . an outsider stumble onto this plot and intervene with the help of a neighbour a police officer s daughter .
44 detective gilbert be search for a necklace rob by a gang of thief . in the beginning the gang be in a house in london then they be run away from police . it will not be easy for the detective to recover the jewel .
31 on most occasion the dancer sing themselves while be accompany by artist on the instrument . each form of dance have a specific costume . most costume be flamboyant with extensive jewel .
13 exile in early 1581 he flee to france carry with he the crown jewel include many valuable diamond . he be well receive by catherine de medici who have a claim of she own to the crown of portugal . she look upon he as a convenient instrument to be use against philip ii .
54 he be well receive by catherine de medici who have a claim of she own to the crown of portugal . she look upon he as a convenient instrument to be use against philip ii . by promise to cede the portuguese colony of brazil to she and the sale of some of his jewel antónio secure support to fit out a fleet man by portuguese exiles and french and english adventurer .
40 his remain diamond be dispose of by degree . the last and finest be acquire by nicholas harlai seigneur de sancy from whom it be purchase by maximilien de béthune duc de sully . it be later include in the jewel of the crown . during his last day he live as a private gentleman on a small pension give by king henry iv of france . he die in paris on august 26 1595 .
9 wise brain obedient mouth . such horse be the jewel of the horseman s hand and thigh they go by the word and hardly need the rein . they breed such horse in virginia then
74 citation need there be also another legend that tell of a very pious lady charumati who be ask by the goddess varalakshmi in she dream to do the vratam in order to fulfill she wish . she perform the vratam along with other lady in she village with great devotion . they offer the deity lot of delicacy and once the vratam be complete they be amaze to find their body deck with expensive jewel and their home full of riches . from then on woman start perform this vratam every year seek wealth and prosperity in their family . citation need
52 they fill the pot with rice and water which symbolize prosperity and cover it with mango and betel leaf . they then place a coconut smear with turmeric and vermilion on the kalasha and also decorate the coconut with a new cloth . some people decorate the kalasha with many kind of jewel to make it look more beautiful . they place this kalasha on a plate fill with rice . the main puja begin by worship lord ganesha who be believe to drive away all obstacle and evil force .
37 in the north of novi zagreb just south of the river sava be lake bundek . though originally a gravel pit nature have reclaim it and it be now an area of wood brushwood and pond a jewel of nature in the middle of the city . in the year 2006 lake bundek be hastilly decorate and now it have beach and a lot of amusing accessory .
16 initially the player have to search the house in order to find a hidden cache of jewel . however terrible event start happen and dead body of the other people begin appear . it become obvious that there be a murderer on the loose in the house and the player must discover who it be or become the next victim .
17 the mall chase scene from the blues brothers . in the meantime shortly after the last store jewel vacate director john landis rent the vacant mall for eight week in the summer of 1979 to film a scene in the movie the blues brothers . police car be drive through the mall destroy part of it . some former tenant include hickory farms and walgreens refuse to let their storefront appear in the film so these be either dressed up as other store the walgreens become a toys r we and the interior of jcpenney become the interior of jewel although the exterior of the real jewel and jcpenney store be retain or not feature at all .
35 ain't nothing like the real thing be record by elton john as a duet with marcella detroit and feature on his 1993 album duet . it be also later include on detroit s 1994 album jewel . release as a two-part cd single single in may 1994 it peak at # 24 in the uk. it be the third and last single release off john s album and the second lift from detroit s .
48 during world war ii the repository hold the original u.s. declaration of independence and u.s. constitution . it also hold the reserve of several european country and several key document from western history for example it hold the crown of st . stephen part of the hungarian crown jewel give to american soldier to prevent they from fall into soviet hand . the repository also hold one of four known copy exemplification of magna carta which have be send for display at the 1939 new york world fair and which when war break out be keep in america for the duration .
27 when the cw be announce in january 2006 wjwb be expect to join the new network due to its status as one of the wb s crown jewel . however when the new network announce its first group of station outside the core group of tribune company and cbs corporation-owned station wjwb be not on the list lead to speculation that the cw would choose to affiliate with wjxt instead .
37 due to its temporary siting in venice the papal coronation be hurry . have no papal treasure on hand the noblewoman of the city manufacture the famous papier-mâché papal tiara . it be adorn with their own jewel . chiaramonti be declare pope pius vii and crown on march 21 in a cramp monastery church .
24 hitomi hoshino a 16-year-old high school student with an interest in mysticism experience strange dream at night . a mysterious temple . a tremendous jewel a shadowy prince ... the image trouble she and a strange incantation keep echo in she mind . one day during a simple fortune tell at school hitomi feel a magical pull and in a shocking moment she be pull from she body . she wake up in a strange world where the earth hang in the sky and a headstrong prince ask she to power his god the deity escaflowne .
55 raja birbalraja birbal 1528-1586 real name maheshdas bhat be the grand vizier wazīr-e azam of the mughal court in the administration of the mughal emperor akbar and one of his most trust member along with be a part of akbar s inner council of nine advisor know as the navaratna a sanskrit word mean nine jewel . he be the only person other than akbar who be a din-i-ilahi believer .
11 tomahawk release by digital integration tt racer release by digital integration jewel of darkness release by level 9 compute the price of magik release by level 9 compute ace release by cascade games ltd
7 voyager of the seas 1999 radiance class jewel of the seas 2004 serenade of the seas 2003 brilliance of the seas 2002
8 norwegian jade 2005 pride of america 2004 norwegian jewel 2004 norwegian dawn 2002 norwegian star 2001
39 seven school in the district of kantō be constantly at war with each other and the student within—both male and female—have become skilled fighter and constantly battle with rival school . their life and fate be guide by strange jewel call magatama that contain the spirit and destiny of warrior from the three kingdoms period of china and also change colour accord to the ranking of its bearer . the ultimate purpose of each of these high-school fighter know as tōshi fighter be to become stronger than all other and ascend to become the eponymous ikkitōsen—a relatively obscure yojijukugo which literally translate mean one rider who be the match of a thousand . the destiny of those who wear the magatama though have repeatedly reincarnate time and time again for the past eighteen centuries—without fail—and the carnage be immense each time around .
4 terminology magatama magatama be jewel wear as earring by all toushus which contain the spirit and essence of warrior from the era of the three kingdom in ancient china . how they all wind up in japan be a mystery . magatama impart their power and fate upon each toushi regardless of age or gender all of the character from this period be male but most of the cast be attractive young girl which range from average to incredibly powerful but come with the will of the spirit within and ultimately their fate which usually tend to be tragic and painful .
10 hyakuhekitou a set of 5 legendary chinese jian make of jewel . supposedly make by cao cao in ancient china they be each name after an animal dragon tiger sparrow bear and horse . incredibly evil and powerful sword capable of beat even the dragons of hao .
23 seiryutou guan yu s legendary green dragon crescent blade visually accurately depict and carry by kanu at all time though supposedly make of jewel rather than metal . extremely powerful and possessing massive chus . it be melt during a battle against ryuubi s dragon 3 year prior to the start of the series but be repair .
52 an escapement be the mechanism in a timepiece that give the balance wheel push to keep it move and release the timepiece s gear to advance a certain amount with each tick or swing of the wheel . the pin pallet escapement be similar to the lever escapement except that the horizontal jewel pallet on the lever be replace with vertical metal pin and the shape of the escape wheel tooth be modify .
63 the acquisition be as a major expansion of gec s defence division gec-marconi later marconi electronic systems however seven month later gec announce the demerger of marconi electronic systems include the north american defence business which would then merge with british aerospace bae to form bae systems . this process be complete on november 30 1999 . commentator have describe tracor as the jewel in crown of gec-marconi north america .
56 a human from earth name garron try to sell ribo to an exiled tyrant call the graff vynda-k. the graff be impress by the planet s suppose quantity of jethrik the rarest and most value mineral in the galaxy . he believe the opportunity confirm when he see a piece of jethrik besides the ribos crown jewel . this be all part of a ruse orchestrate by garron the jethrik be plant by garron s assistant unstoffe . the locator point the doctor and romana to the same jethrik which must be the disguised segment of the key to time .
25 the graff vynda-k provide a large sum of money for the planet upfront that be to be keep safely in the room with the crown jewel watch by ribos guard by day and a shrivenzale beast by night . later unstoffe distract the shrivenzale recover their piece of jethrik and take the money from the safe . the graff learn of garron s deception when he discover a covert listening device in his room .
2 the fraternity jewel be the sapphire . the sapphire be recognize as a symbol of truth sincerity and constancy .
42 herrera turn over the office to general mariano arista on january 15 1851 and retire to private life . evidence of his honorable character be provide by the follow account the day he resign the presidency he be force to pawn a jewel to alleviate his economic situation . president arista name he director of the monte de piedad national pawnshop a position which he hold until 1853 . he die on february 10 1854 in his modest house in tacubaya .
37 the emperor of japan attend an enthronement ceremony soon after his accession the last such ritual be hold in 1990 for the current sovereign akihito . the imperial regalia consist of a sword know as kusanagi a jewel know as yasakani no magatama and a mirror call yata no kagami . unlike most other monarchy japan have no crown for its ruler .
42 in sweden no king have be crown since oscar ii in 1873 . the current monarch carl xvi gustaf be enthrone in a simple ceremony at the throne room of the royal palace in stockholm on 19 september 1973 . the crown jewel be display on cushion to the right and left of the royal throne but be never give to the king . carl gustaf make an accession speech which comprise the main purpose of the undertaking . hoffman erich 1990 .
37 in the four corner of the frame be enamel of the four evangelist symbol which be add in the fourteenth century . the enamel be probably produce at limoges . the original colored stone be replace by jewel in 1838 for bishop butler . there be relic of finger bone from an anonymous saint embed on the interior of the board . the clasp for the volume be probably replace in the 19th century .
6 the stotram minakshi pancha ratnam five jewel of minakshi be an incantation to she . there be several other great hynm on the goddess compose in the later century by many saint and scholar include the famous neelakanta dikshitar .
20 covington ibid . prosser and keeton on torts ibid . prosser on torts all edition a chimney sweep find a jewel while clean a chimney . he take it to a jeweler for evaluation . the jeweler remove the stone from the setting with the intention of sell it to a third party .
41 he take it to a jeweler for evaluation . the jeweler remove the stone from the setting with the intention of sell it to a third party . the chimney sweep be entitle to recover damages from the loss of the jewel . the case illustrate several pertinent issue with trover . first the chimney sweep be not the primary owner of the jewel .
35 the chimney sweep be entitle to recover damages from the loss of the jewel . the case illustrate several pertinent issue with trover . first the chimney sweep be not the primary owner of the jewel . since the original owner could not be identify the chimney sweep be the best owner . he have superior rights to the stone over the jeweler .
6 port royal le bat en rouge jewel of orleans l'ornement magique royal street sweets
38 stargoose be a shoot em up with 8 level . the game take place on the surface of an alien planet . your character call scouser-gitt have be hire by some kind of tribal elder to steal six jewel from each level . i want to get i mitt on they be all the justification the elder ever give .
55 local climber and guidebook author howie richardson say this be truly a landmark deal the culmination of 20 year of effort that come to fruition because of the share vision and generosity of many individual and organization . climber and conservationist will be elate that they and their child be now assure of enjoy this jewel of the okanagan in the future .
50 the success of this effort be an outstanding example of what can happen when like-minded organization work together towards a common goal . and thanks to everyone s effort the public will always be able to access the bluff – one of the most popular climbing area and an ecological jewel .
52 know she be helpless bluto then peel back the sole of she shoe reveal she bare foot and tickle she incessantly thus drive the frustrated olive to laugh hysteric . in an episode of the cartoon c.o.p.s. three very short gangster impersonate baby interrogate an old woman for the location of she jewel by tickle she foot underarm and stomach with large feather . in an episode of gummi bears duke igthorne torture grammi gummi by tickle she foot with a feather for the secret recipe of gummiberry juice . joshua falken be an adult 3d artist whose computer generate artwork often feature tickling scene .
4 church committee cointelpro family jewel central intelligence agency nedzi committee pike committee
31 the nothing show be available from sleepytime gorilla museum s website store as be an idiot flesh t-shirt . other recording be out of print . especially rare be the metal jewel case sell with the album fancy .
43 be a type of porous non-abrasive leather . in the 19th to the first half of the 20th century it be very commonly use for glove for man and woman . it be commonly use as a dry material or polishing cloth on jewel or shoe for example . it be also use to make leather jacket and small bag or pouch it have medical use in orthopedic and can be use for filter fuel .
48 the pc sequel be release in a large black box and like the original the copy-protected floppy disk version require the manual to be able to play the game . unlike the disk version the cd-rom be not copy-protect its colour manual fit in the front of the jewel case and also include the full talkie soundtrack . for this second instalment in the series brian bowles become the voice of simon make he sound much older presumably in his late-teen .
10 chicken war nihil novus reference further read kate wilson the jewel of liberty steal the rokosz of sandomierz and polish dissent paper at graduate conference in central european studies the contour of legitimacy in central europe oxford pdf
48 several year later it be move to the better-watered present location of the community of san javier baja california sur mexico . the energetic ugarte construct dam aqueduct and stone building . between 1744 and 1758 miguel del barco be responsible for build what have be call the jewel of the baja california mission church vernon 2002:26 .
64 scarlet wave surround his left arm as he preside over a river of unconscious man and woman . the nude body of these figure appear orange and yellow in reproduction but in the original they be a subtle mixture of acid pink and yellow highlighted with touch of green . they lie transfix in the centre of a luxuriant coral reef surround by coin jewel and strange fish . beyond the reef one can see vast vista fill with jagged rock formation and paint in shades of orange yellow and brown . though the full interpretation be again leave to the viewer it clear that satan’s treasures be not a traditional vision of hell .
40 the fresco remain until 1964 through many different change to the interior . at that time it be paint over after some plaster fall and be patch . it be rediscover when again plaster fall from the ceiling reveal the jewel that lay beneath . the fresco have be painstakingly restore to its earlier beauty .
39 ahimsaka become a highwayman kill traveler who pass through the forest . when the people of the kingdom begin to avoid the road he enter the village and drag people from their home . he never take clothes or jewel from his victim only finger . to keep count of the number of victim that he have take he string they on a thread and hang they on a tree . however because bird begin to eat the flesh from the finger he start to wear they around his neck as a garland .
40 the papal tiara itself be lay out in feel over which a silver mesh be lay . onto that mesh three band the three crown be screw . each crown in turn be decorate with ruby sapphire and other precious jewel . the tiara be top off with an orb and a crucifix and have lappet attach at the back .
53 decoration it be not just the frequency of the receipt of papal tiara that increase but also their value and scale of the decoration . while the sole survive tiara from before the invasion of napoleon bonaparte s troops in 1798 when all the other tiara be take and break up and their jewel steal by the troops be decorate with many jewel the scale of its decoration pale in comparison to 19th century tiara such as that give to pope gregory xvi in 1834 .
62 decoration it be not just the frequency of the receipt of papal tiara that increase but also their value and scale of the decoration . while the sole survive tiara from before the invasion of napoleon bonaparte s troops in 1798 when all the other tiara be take and break up and their jewel steal by the troops be decorate with many jewel the scale of its decoration pale in comparison to 19th century tiara such as that give to pope gregory xvi in 1834 .
39 1834 tiara the tiara of pope gregory xvi give to he in 1834 have three golden circle inlay with diamond over the central silver core of the crown and above each circle a series of golden cloverleaf inlay with jewel . see it be wear by pius x
28 1871 belgian tiara the belgian tiara give to pope pius ix in 1871 have its conical shape almost hide beneath three layer of upright golden decoration inlaid with jewel make it one of the most unusual tiara in the papal collection . it be make in bourdon ghent belgium from a design by jean-baptiste de béthune . it be decorate with gold pearl gilt silver emerald enamel and precious stone .
0 jewel on other tiara the 1887 tiara give by kaiser wihelm i be decorate with 1,000 pearl . the 1922 milan tiara of pius xi have 2,000 precious stone inlay while john xxiii s 1959 tiara have 20 diamond 16 emerald 68 ruby and 70 pearl .
51 video game packaging refer to the physical storage of the contents of a computer or video game both for safekeeping and shop display . in the past a number of material and packaging design be use mostly paperboard or plastic . nowadays most console and computer game be ship in cd jewel case or dvd keep case with little difference between they .
7 as pc game migrate to cd in jewel case the large format box remain though to reduce printing cost manual come on the cd as do many of the copy-protection technique in the form of safedisc and securom. despite the cd jewel case format have be around since the invention of the music cd very few full-price pc game be release in a jewel case only . a thicker variation with space for a thick manual be however use for most playstation and dreamcast game .
41 as pc game migrate to cd in jewel case the large format box remain though to reduce printing cost manual come on the cd as do many of the copy-protection technique in the form of safedisc and securom. despite the cd jewel case format have be around since the invention of the music cd very few full-price pc game be release in a jewel case only . a thicker variation with space for a thick manual be however use for most playstation and dreamcast game .
63 as pc game migrate to cd in jewel case the large format box remain though to reduce printing cost manual come on the cd as do many of the copy-protection technique in the form of safedisc and securom. despite the cd jewel case format have be around since the invention of the music cd very few full-price pc game be release in a jewel case only . a thicker variation with space for a thick manual be however use for most playstation and dreamcast game .
66 valve software hope this method of distribution will take off as it deliver a greater percentage of the sale price to the game developer than box copy . steam also allow consumer to back up their copy of half-life 2 as well as other game that be downloadable through steam onto cds or dvds . to complement this feature many fan have create box covering for jewel case that can be downloaded and print give birth to a wide variety of game packaging style and design .
46 fortunately she plan be thwart and blackfire be arrest by centauri police force with the help of the titans . she eventually escape seize control of tamaran and attempt to have starfire marry to a swamp alien in return for the jewel of charta . the jewel greatly enhanced blackfire s power turn she starbolts red at the time until starfire take the jewel from she sister by force and crush it during a duel for the rulership of tamaran . blackfire be defeat by starfire who then force blackfire into exile and turn over she newly-won position as grand ruler of tamaran to she childhood caretaker galfore . blackfire have not be see since and have not join the brotherhood of evil .
63 fortunately she plan be thwart and blackfire be arrest by centauri police force with the help of the titans . she eventually escape seize control of tamaran and attempt to have starfire marry to a swamp alien in return for the jewel of charta . the jewel greatly enhanced blackfire s power turn she starbolts red at the time until starfire take the jewel from she sister by force and crush it during a duel for the rulership of tamaran . blackfire be defeat by starfire who then force blackfire into exile and turn over she newly-won position as grand ruler of tamaran to she childhood caretaker galfore . blackfire have not be see since and have not join the brotherhood of evil .
44 the german crown jewels encompass both the imperial regalia of the german kingdom within the holy roman empire and the prussian crown jewels which the prussians king continue to use after become german emperors in 1871 . the german empire have no physical crown jewel though a model of a german state crown be create and use in emblem .
12 since the end of the germanic monarchy in 1918 the regalia and jewel of the different state have be keep in museum since all of germany remain under republican rule .
11 from left to right top to bottom opened box with cd jewel case inside microprose catalog registration card manga entertainment mecha madness leftlet game manual .
71 nights trademark as nights be a video game character and the protagonist of the game nights into dream ... and nights journey of dream develop and publish by sega . nights be a being know as a nightmaren who reside in nightopia a dream world where the dream of all human being be act out every night . the character wear a purple jester-style hat and outfit with a diamond-shaped red jewel on his chest . in the archie comic this be say to be a piece of a red ideya that break off and latch onto his chest . nights be refer to as a he in the in-game dialouge but he be actually genderless as well as all the other nightmaren include reala as state by sega themselves .
23 also use in construction be stone which be use to build more advanced building . finally there be gold jade and jewels . jewel be use as a currency and to decorate the most advanced building . it be make out of jade and gold . either one can be use to create jewel separately but use together they produce a much greater quantity than when use separately .
30 jewel be use as a currency and to decorate the most advanced building . it be make out of jade and gold . either one can be use to create jewel separately but use together they produce a much greater quantity than when use separately . corn be produce from small and large farm meat from ranch pig farm and fishing hut . wood be produce from lumberyard and stone gold and jade be mine from quarry .
32 corn be produce from small and large farm meat from ranch pig farm and fishing hut . wood be produce from lumberyard and stone gold and jade be mine from quarry . jewel be produce in a workshop from gold and/or jade . there be also mana however it function differently to the other resource in that it be use to cast spell can be access anywhere and be generate from temple in a small continuous trickle . sacrificing slave will generate much more and faster but slave be the only means of production so they must be sacrifice carefully so as not to ruin the economy of a region .
58 there be a different stockpile of mana for each sphere of magic . note resource be store in stockpile in each region thus resource for one realm can be use anywhere in that region no matter where they be store but must be manually transport to another region in order to be use there . the exception be jewel and mana .
10 storage buildings these building store all resource except mana and jewel . there be four type in order of size and cost to produce they be provision store small store medium store and large store .
48 3. a small idol of lord suparshvanath swami around 10 use to fly everynight from one of near by temple to lord adinath s palm . 4 . there be only and only one tree in the entire temple campus below which it be believe to hide the jewel pearl relic and other ornament of time before human .
17 in 1852 lajos kossuth send he on a fool s errand to hungary to dig up crown jewel which have be bury secretly during the insurrection of 1848-1849 . while he be await a project rise in milan stillman study art under yvon in paris and then as the rise do not take place he return to the united states and devote himself to landscape painting on upper saranac lake in the adirondack and in new york city where he start the crayon . it number lowell aldrich and charles eliot norton among its contributor and when it fail for want of fund stillman remove to cambridge massachusetts .
5 the painting the pride and jewel of sinj and the cetina district be the miraculous painting of the blessed virgin mary of mercy . there be many royal town of mary in the catholic world . in croatia there be marija bistrica trsat and sinj .
8 artemis the honest well digger three stories the jewel of the cabots the background story of i havee lady part
23 image crop to allow for the use of the image of the crown rather than show the entire image of a set of jewel . the cropping be allow under the release grant by the original photographer on the original page . the original image be wide rectangular and so be unsuitable to use when only refer to one item in the image .
8 now there come from the emperor an elephant jewel and the title of asaf jah with direction to settle the country repress the turbulent punish the rebel and cherish the people . asaf jah or the equal to asaf the grand vazir in the court of the biblical ruler king solomon be the highest title that could be award to a subject of the mughal empire . there be no lavish ceremony to mark the establishment of the asaf jahi dynasty in 1724 .
12 when william abdicate in 1918 he be permit to retain the family jewel which include the hohenzollern crown . to protect it from theft and destruction during the second world war it be hide in a wall in the crypt of a church . after the war it be return to the hohenzollern family .
41 al-maqrizi p.457/vol .1 with his follower who come with he from hisnkifa abu al-fida pp.66-87 year 648h then he send a message to shajar al-durr while she be in jerusalem warn she and request she to hand he the wealth and jewel of his late father . the request and manners of turansha distressed shajar al-durr . complain to the mamluks about turanshah s threat and ungratefulness shajar al-durr protect egypt during the seventh crusade she preserve the ayyubid throne and make turanshah a sultan in his absence .
17 shajar al-durr be bury in a tomb not far from the mosque of tulun which be a jewel of islamic funerary architecture . inside be a mihrab prayer niche decorate with a mosaic of the tree of life execute by artist bring from constantinople specifically for this commission . the wooden kufic inscription that run around the interior of she tomb while damage be also of extremely fine craftsmanship .
2 the only jewel box still in use for major league baseball be fenway park and wrigley field .
50 yankee stadium be a jewel box park albeit a very large one . it be show its age in the 70 s and the stadium be extensively renovate during 1973-75 convert it into more of a modern style ballpark . many of the characteristic that define it as a classical jewel box be also retain so the remodeled stadium straddle both category .
30 at the hospital he be briefly visit by his fiancée teena ricante debra paget . a shady lawyer represent another crook niles berry kroeger claim that he participate in a jewel robbery with she in which a woman be kill . rome be innocent of the jewel robbery but the police suspect that he carry out he robbery in conjunction with teena and begin a search for she .
46 at the hospital he be briefly visit by his fiancée teena ricante debra paget . a shady lawyer represent another crook niles berry kroeger claim that he participate in a jewel robbery with she in which a woman be kill . rome be innocent of the jewel robbery but the police suspect that he carry out he robbery in conjunction with teena and begin a search for she .
48 rome feverish from his bullet wound receive help from his brother tony who worship he and an old girlfriend brenda shelley winters . meanwhile candella and his partner fred clark track he down through the street of new york . he locate the female accomplice of the real jewel thief/murderer a strongly build masseuse name rose givens hope emerson . he deceive she into be apprehend by the police . in the struggle she shoot at at rome wound candella .
7 hirsch describe rome s innocence in the jewel robbery despite his criminal background as an ironic variation on the wrong man theme of some film noir movie . branded for a crime he do not commit the conte character become a true criminal enmesh in a web from which there be no escape .
18 act ii orion s island cave captive in orion s island hideout sylvia be tempt by he with jewel and wine to no avail . sylvia now grieve over aminta cherish the arrow pull from she breast nostalgically . when orion steal it from she sylvia get she captor drunk until he be unconscious whereby she retrieve she arrow and appeal to eros for help .
76 gameplaycolumns a popular and much-imitated fall colored block puzzle have be the pack-in game with game gear at one time . super columns enhance the gameplay by add new type of block as well as the ability to turn the line of block a la dr. mario . aside from endless and flash mode super columns also include a story mode wherein you play against an evil merchant and his crony who want to harness a jewel to make the people bow to he .
15 endless mode be classic gameplay of columns . stack up to 3 of the same jewel diagonally vertically or horizontally to clear they . the game end when the jewel reach the top of the grid .
29 endless mode be classic gameplay of columns . stack up to 3 of the same jewel diagonally vertically or horizontally to clear they . the game end when the jewel reach the top of the grid .
16 flash mode be the same as endless except you enter the next stage by clear the jewel that be flash .
22 1975 the man who would be king direct by john huston 1981 rollover direct by alan pakula star jane fonda 1985 the jewel of the nile direct by lewis teague star michael douglas 1987 the live daylights direct by john glen star timothy dalton and maryam d'abo 1988 the last temptation of christ direct by martin scorsese star willem dafoe
61 # kristy’s great idea august 1986 the club be form by four of the very best friend kristy thomas president claudia kishi vice president mary anne spier secretary and stacey mcgill treasurer . # claudia and the phantom phone call 1986 the baby-sitter receive mysterious phone call while baby-sitting and claudia be sure it be stoneybrook s phantom caller a sneaky jewel thief . at the end they discover that the mysterious caller be far from be the phantom caller . it be someone at sm . # the truth about stacey december 1986 the truth about stacey be that she have diabetes .
4 8. jessi and the jewel thief april 1993 jessi visit she friend quint in new york city and when they overhear two man discuss a jewel heist they have to investigate .
25 8. jessi and the jewel thief april 1993 jessi visit she friend quint in new york city and when they overhear two man discuss a jewel heist they have to investigate .
54 charlie mayne philip seymour hoffman)-a friendly mysterious suitor to miles mother and a symbolic figure in miles life . charlie s involvement in his life be pivotal with regard to the reason mile have live in empire falls his entire life . grace roby robin wright penn)-miles late mother who consider she son the jewel of she eye . she affair with charlie play a crucial role in miles life . francine whiting joanne woodward)-miles cold abrasive boss and the town s wealthiest citizen .
46 the gran kaiser can also utilize separate weapon independent of itself such as mecha-sized handgun rocket launcher and a gatling gun . when combine into the god gravion with the four gran divas the gran kaiser can unleash a wave of pure gravity energy from its jewel chest call the graviton arc . the god gravion also use an experimental sword call the graviton breaker for the first and only time in the first series until klein sandman summon the chōjū ken a powerful two-handed sword keep hide on the moon for the god gravion . also know as the white steel fang the machine be capable of perform the super heavyweight slash 超重斬 chōjū zan technique .
37 leele be the g-shadow s pilot and when combine into the god gravion its wing can detach form a boomerang . power by gravity energy the boomerang slice through zeravire armor as the gravity crescent . the jewel crest on the g-shadow can also detach as a sword hilt and handle for use as the graviton sword where the blade energize into metal from gravity energy .
17 when she be a guest on desert island discs she choose as she luxury item the crown jewel in order to maximise she chance of be rescue . . .
26 now have rescue jodie natoe return to village but be confront by the humanoid zwei in she last attempt to gain the power of the sacred jewel and the child . natoe try to fight zwei but on a bridge and jodie be knock over the edge . natoe grab she in an attempt to pull she up but he be stab in back by zwei .
49 steeple of lightthe interior of the steeple of light . the steeple of light be a tower locate in the middle of the city in the game s setting . it house various clone of the sacred child along with the current girl herself who pray with the sacred jewel and provide power to the surround city and area . when the child and jewel be kidnap the tower lose its power source and send the balance of species in to a war over she power .
54 the steeple of light be a tower locate in the middle of the city in the game s setting . it house various clone of the sacred child along with the current girl herself who pray with the sacred jewel and provide power to the surround city and area . when the child and jewel be kidnap the tower lose its power source and send the balance of species in to a war over she power .
47 in west hollywood california the cafe trocadero be the center of jitterbug in the 1930 . today a new trocadero stand as a nightclub at 8610 sunset boulevard on the sunset strip . a black tie french-inspired supper club the original trocadero now demolish be consider the jewel of the strip in the 1930 and become synonymous with star starlet movie producer and fun . found by william r. wilkerson in 1934 . wilkerson be the successful publisher of the hollywood reporter who also own other nightclub nearby on the sunset strip like ciro s and larue wilkerson iii w.r. 2000 .
15 early gospel book often have a very elaborate and costly cover in metalwork often with jewel and ivory . these most often feature a central panel with christ in majesty often include the evangelist and/or their symbol in the corner . versions of the same composition appear in all media use for early medieval religious art include wall painting .
14 the greater courage 1915 as sydney ainsworth above the abyss 1915 countess veschi s jewel 1915 as sydney ainsworth third hand high 1915 lieutenant governor 1915
31 taoism be a variety of related religious and philosophical tradition . categorization of taoist sect and movement be very controversial . taoist propriety and ethic place an emphasis on the three jewel of the tao love moderation humility . taoist theology focus on doctrine of wu weus non-action spontaneity humanism relativism and emptiness . leaman 1999 .
1 lighthearted jewel thief daria and mac travel to the koala bay bares and eventually gain the intention to steal tex tyler s valuable diamond-encrusted golfing trophy . in the meantime they do not know that federal police officer john and belinda have go undercover at the bares just in case such a thing might happen .
10 while frank and joe help their father locate a notorious jewel thief they also explore the mysterious death of a tycoon s nephew year before .
24 harlan display advance martial art and gymnastics skill . jones be also credit as stunt coordinator in an episode of space cases . catalina jewel staite be from titan a moon of saturn . saturnian possess evolve vocal pattern give they and catalina the ability to release destructive sonic scream . though hers have disabled missile floor large attacker and assault the ship and all its contents catalina consider she power to be nothing compare to the really skilled saturnian who be know to shatter building with a single sonic blast .
45 for a girl bear in a poor family and achieve what she do in a most praiseworthy manner consider mysore s predicament in that period speak for itself she greatness which few have equal . rao bahadur r.narasimhachar pay tribute have say …there be three jewel in mysore s history who have struggle for the country s good . maharani lakshamanni sri sitavilasa sannidhana and sri vani vilasa sannidhana . she be not only a mother to nalwadi krishnarajendra wadiyar but also to all the citizen .
58 while larger work be all lose several small object and fragment have survive nearly all have be bury among the few exception be the secular fuller brooch and two work make in austria by the anglo-saxon mission the tassilo chalice and the rupertus cross . the alfred jewel be the best know of a group of finely-worked liturgical jewel . in 2009 the staffordshire hoard a major hoard of over 1,000 fragment of metalwork piece mostly gold be find by a metal-detectorist in staffordshire . highlight of anglo-saxon hoard the independent 24 september 2009 retrieve 24 september 2009 .
10 # de brandstapel # de zon finale package in a jewel case with 24-page booklet contain full lyric and cast photograph .
3 package in a jewel case with 24-page booklet contain full lyric and cast photograph . track 1-19 be record live on may 12 2007 in kursaal oostende
10 he buy the jacob diamond which stand out among the jewel of the nizams now own by the government of india .
47 she run out of the museum to the confusion of everyone else make it to the exit right as the bomb go off . after the explosion she return inside the museum and she boyfriend appear to be alive again . she hug he cry teardrop of jewel and screen go black and show a message to be continue .
66 still hugely popular and in great demand and in effect the wage-earner of she family carriera return to venice . she portrait be highly competent and flattering almost always consist of a bust-length pose with the body turn slightly away and the head turn to face the viewer . carriera have an unusual ability to represent texture and pattern faithfully re-creat fabric gold braid lace fur jewel hair and skin and show-casing the sumptuous material life-style of she rich and influential patron .
23 in 1792 during the revolutionary furor in paris le régent as the diamond come to be know be steal along with other crown jewel of france but be later recover after be hide in some roof timber . the diamond be use as security on several occasion by the directoire and later the consulat before be permanently redeem by napoleon bonaparte in 1801 .
50 on may 23 2009 delirious be reveal as the new third member of the heel stable the order of the neo solar temple join ultramantis black and crossbones after have be abduct by they a month earlier . he be under the influence of ultramantis eye of tyr a mysterious jewel that have the ability to control the mind of anyone so long as it be touch on their forehead . he come out wear the color of the order and do not run around and scream at the opening bell . he defeat arik cannon that night use ultramantis black s praying mantis bomb finisher .
62 then maya danava address arjuna say ‘ i now go with thy leave but shall come back soon . on the north of the kailasa peak near the mountain of mainaka while the danavas be engage in a sacrifice on the bank of vindu lake i gather a huge quantity of delightful and variegated vanda a kind of rough material compose of jewel and gem . this be place in the mansion of vrishaparva ever devote to truth . if it be yet exist i shall come back o bharata with it .
95 indeed the palace that the dexterous maya build be so wide delightful and refreshing and compose of such excellent material and furnished with such golden wall and archway and adorn with so many varied picture . and eight thousand rakshasas call kinkaras fierce huge-bodied and endue with great strength of red coppery eye and arrowy ear well-armed and capable of range through the air use to guard and protect that palace . within that palace maya place a peerless tank and in that tank be lotus with leaf of dark-coloured gem and stalk of bright jewel and other flower also of golden leaf . and aquatic fowl of various species sport on its bosom . itself variegate with full-blown lotus and stock with fish and tortoise of golden hue its bottom be without mud and its water transparent .
41 the gentle breeze that sweep along its bosom softly shake the flower that stud it . the bank of that tank be overlay with slab of costly marble set with pearl . and behold that tank thus adorn all around with jewel and precious stone many king that come there mistake it for land and fall into it with eye open . many tall tree of various kind be plant all around the palace . of green foliage and cool shade and ever blossom they be all very charming to behold .
74 it be set in nepal to the north of kathmandu during the british rajand tell the tale of a wild young officer know as mad carew who steal the green eye of a yellow god presumably an emerald in a gold statue in order to impress his beloved . he be wound in the course of the robbery and later murder presumably by a devotee of the god for the theft who return the jewel to the idol though the idol be still one-eyed after the event of the poem .
43 the phenomenon have persist to a lesser extent in contemporary incarnation with duet star trek deep space nine which have be celebrate by startrek .com and amazon.com among other source as a]rguably one of the best episode of deep space nine and a jewel in the entire trek canon .#ds9-419
32 media confusion there be some kind of confusion by the foreign newspaper mix up the high end raffles hotel with the raffles city . reuter write it be a national monument the jewel in singapore s crown and this week raffles hotel will become a bubbling cauldron of lobby and politics as it stage the most keenly-contested olympic venue vote in the history of the games . its colonial style salon and parlour will be overrun by bid official and consultant celebrity and spin-doctor . later it clarify that the vote be actually at the adjacent raffles city convention centre and not the hotel .
26 in the center of the cattle market in the extension of the barley lane charles iv have a wooden tower build where since 1354 the crown jewel and reliquary be put on display once a year . the sanctuary celebration be proclaim by charles as a general holiday in the realm whereby prague become one the most important center of pilgrimage in europe . next to the wooden tower the chapel of holy blood or corpus christi be build between 1382 and 1393 and be tear down in 1791 .
74 the sanctuary celebration be proclaim by charles as a general holiday in the realm whereby prague become one the most important center of pilgrimage in europe . next to the wooden tower the chapel of holy blood or corpus christi be build between 1382 and 1393 and be tear down in 1791 . from the octagonal central church with attached chapel rise a stone tower from whose gallery be show the reliquary and crown jewel be display .
4 jennifer peña jesse mccartney jewel jojo two appearance john mayer
24 material engineering another application of single crystal solid be in material science in the production of high strength material e.g . turbine blade crown jewel these crystal be the gem of turbine efficiency article on single crystal turbine blade memagazine .com here the absence of grain boundary give a significant increase in physical strength .
62 the first king of mataram be sanjaya who leave the write record on canggal inscription . however around mid 8th century sailendra dynasty emerge in central java and challenge sanjaya dynasty domination on the region . accord to kalasan inscription date 778 ad pranagari script write in sanskrit the kalasan temple be erect by the will of guru sang raja sailendravamçatilaka the jewel of sailendra family that succeed to persuade maharaja tejapurnapana panangkaran sanjaya s successor to construct a holy building for the goddess boddhisattvadevus tara and also build a vihara monastery for buddhist monk from sailendra family s realm . panangkaran award the kalaça village to sangha buddhist monastic community . soetarno drs .
37 space ace and the space mutts track he to muscle beach moon to get the vault back . # galactic vac be back galactic vac be suck up everything in the galaxy . # jewlie newstar renowned jewel thief jewlie newstar steal the jupiter jewel from the interplanetary museum . it be up to space ace and the space mutts to reclaim the jupiter jewel and defeat jewlie newstar . # wonder dog when the lieutenant give space ace a robot mutt name brucie the robot wonder dog for a trial run this cause problem for the space mutts .
7 mahiwagang hiya be fragment from the elemental jewel break into four piece by cassiopea . status neither confirm or debunk . the mahiwagang hiya be mention by muyak as come come from the diwata but cassiopea be not mention in the series and the timeline between mulawin and encantadia be screw .
59 pirena be able to escape and thousand of hathors surround queen amihan . pirena lose no time in declare herself as the new queen but in the eye of the diwatas the mandirigma and the adamyans amihan still remain queen of lireo and of encantadia . the first thing she do be imprison amihan and attempt to take the jewel of air from she . amihan would eventually escape .
66 still proud pirena would not join force with she sister even though hathoria have become their common enemy . when king hagorn hold mira hostage pirena strike out on she own to save she daughter but end up be capture instead . asval strike she fatally and she die without release the gem in she possession thus deprive encantadia of the benefit of fire which she jewel control .
13 the real lira would embark on a quest to get she and she jewel back from devas in order to save encantadia from disaster . hagorn also covet the fire gem and find a way to intercept pirena s spirit as it travel to devas . hagorn win the race in reach pirena and grab the gem from she . pirena s spirit wake up at the touch of hagorn and through it realize he be she father .
28 it be pirena who would battle hagorn and his army to aid she sister in end the war and at his death pirena would get back she fire jewel and confirm that she be the daughter of the last king of hathoria .
57 pirena be destine bearer at the time of she birth can tap to its power even before she steal it from the lirean treasury . it also have the ability to call on any deceased citizen of encantadia they be in devas or balaak and bring they back to life . pirena be the keeper of the jewel gain this power . there be no guarantee though that the soul and memory can be resurrect as well . pirena exhibit this power twice when she bring ebrio back from balaak and when she summon kahlil from devas .
34 south korea be one of the world s top ten cultural exporter and the korean wave begin with the export of korean tv drama such as autumn fairy tale winter sonata dae jang geum jewel in the palace princess hours and boys over flowers across east and southeast asia the grow success of korean drama be soon match by korean movie popular music food and language . www.kf .or.kr 8080/eng/intro/2005ar/02.pdf the term have now become an acronym refer to south korea s grow economic power as a result of the miracle on the han river and the rise of global multinational such as samsung lg and hyundai-kia .
54 mega-star rain have his “rain’s come ” malaysia concert at the bukit jalil stadium on january 27 2007 as part of his worldwide tour which add fuel to the korean wave in malaysia . rain have now become one of the biggest korean wave star in malaysia . five new korean restaurant name daejanggeum jewel in the palace have open in kuala lumpur . thanks to the boom of the korean wave trend export of kimchus to malaysia increase by 150 percent . many malaysian community forum have sub forum dedicate to korean drama and music .
27 india the national television carry dd national start show the korean drama emperor of the sea in 2006 which be quickly follow by the hit drama a jewel in the palace that same year . the mainstream bollywood film industry which have often be accuse of plagiarism have allegedly make several illegal remake of successful korean film . some of these film have become significant commercial success .
30 film in 1939 warner bros. release a film adaptation the adventure of jane arden with a storyline in which jane arden rosella towne go undercover to expose a gang of jewel smuggler . however she identity be discover by one of the gang leader . this film direct by terry o. morse be herald as the first of a series but no subsequent jane arden film be produce .
52 2000 to present day january 25 2000 ronald jarrett die from the gunshot wound he sustain in late 1999 . january 15 2001 william hanhardt former chief of detective be indict by a federal grand jury on charge of mastermind a ring of mafia related thief who steal $ 4.85 million in jewel in heist across the nation . round up the usual suspect 1 november 22 2001 anthony the hatch chiaramonti be shoot outside a brown s chicken pasta in south suburban lyons .
13 brigitta gitta callens be bear in oudenaarde a small town know as the jewel of the flemish ardennes . she be a ballerina for 8 year when she be a young girl .
13 oregon junior racquetball association the oregon junior racquetball association ojra be the crown jewel of junior racquetball program in the country if not the world . like the ora tour the season be make up of event hold monthly .
36 telegraph none later she audition for the mariinsky theatre where conductor valery gergiev recognize she from she prior work in the theater . he subsequently become she vocal mentor . jessica duchen anna netrebko a rare jewel from the east . the independent none . under gergiev s guidance netrebko make she operatic stage debut at the mariinsky as susanna in le nozze di figaro .
40 to clear each pattern player must defeat all minor enemy and the castle boss . the player can pick up new weapon and item by stab they with the sword . some weapon and item include axis hammer fire sword jewel shield and mantel . the game s background graphic feature broad landscape with change sunlight effect with detail and clarity not previously see in video game .
54 he steal part of his technology from the criminal mastermind behind the big wheel and use they to create a cybernetically control rocket-power magnetic skateboard which he travel with and can attain speed of mile per hour 0 km/h . he can also scale wall . after robert be think to have steal some jewel he be chase by spider-man . rocket racer escape but spider-man plant a tracer on he and find out his identity . a criminal leader whose machine be steal create the big wheel a giant wheel with laser missile and spike that be able to roll onto building and higher grounds .
60 the ori stun weapon appear to share the same blue/white plasma energy as the larger ori staff weapon but be less potent . this weapon be similar in function to the zat ni'katel with one shot from this weapon capable of render an individual unconscious and multiple shot require to kill . prior staff a tall staff with a blue jewel at the top that be carry by the prior . this staff be adorn with the symbol of origin and when activate the crystal on the top glow likely serving to convince follower of origin that the action perform by the prior be miracle of the ori . the staff be connect to that of every other prior through a subspace link strong enough to cover an entire galaxy but not strong enough to reach the home galaxy of the ori .
38 she also play donald hollinger s mother on that girl howard sprague s mother on the andy griffith show dick preston s mother on the new dick van dyke show and mrs. van hoskins a wealthy woman whose jewel be steal in the screwball comedy what s up doc .
44 the sphinx also use telepathic power to force people to look at they . the second chamber be full of shriek banshee that will gradually drive you insane . the third chamber be the burial chamber of the king be fill with treasure chest jewel gold and such . however the treasure be coat with a venom that kill with just a touch . the fourth and last chamber be guard by the valg and then later the asphinx .
47 the empire of the sarrukh continue to grow until the sarrukh eventually become the minority in their own empire much like the roman . thousand of other race tend to they fulfil their need and desire . the sarrukh savor the finest meat surround themselves with gold jewel and other finery and enjoy all the luxury of a civilization at its zenith . as with so many empire since however the sarrukh increase dependence on other race would lead they in a spiral ever downward .
56 simeon s fairness toward gentile be illustrate by the following narrative simeon live in humble circumstance support himself and his family by conduct a small business in linen goods . once his pupil present he with a donkey which they have purchase from an arab . on the neck of the animal they find a costly jewel whereupon they joyously tell their master that he might now cease toil since the proceeds from the jewel would make he wealthy . simeon however reply that the arab have sell they the ass only and not the jewel and he return the gem to the arab who exclaim praise be the god of simeon ben shetach yerushalmi bava metzia ius . 8c deuteronomy r. iii . 5 .
74 simeon s fairness toward gentile be illustrate by the following narrative simeon live in humble circumstance support himself and his family by conduct a small business in linen goods . once his pupil present he with a donkey which they have purchase from an arab . on the neck of the animal they find a costly jewel whereupon they joyously tell their master that he might now cease toil since the proceeds from the jewel would make he wealthy . simeon however reply that the arab have sell they the ass only and not the jewel and he return the gem to the arab who exclaim praise be the god of simeon ben shetach yerushalmi bava metzia ius . 8c deuteronomy r. iii . 5 .
65 once his pupil present he with a donkey which they have purchase from an arab . on the neck of the animal they find a costly jewel whereupon they joyously tell their master that he might now cease toil since the proceeds from the jewel would make he wealthy . simeon however reply that the arab have sell they the ass only and not the jewel and he return the gem to the arab who exclaim praise be the god of simeon ben shetach yerushalmi bava metzia ius . 8c deuteronomy r. iii . 5 .
71 venice be besiege with complaint from the porte the vatican and the viceroy of naples with his sovereign the king of spain . a venetian appeal to austria for help meet with little success and the offens of the uskok against the venetians be outweigh by their attack against the ottomans . minuccio minucci a venetian envoy at graz state that a share of the uskok spoil of silk velvet and jewel go to the lady of the archducal court of graz where important matter between venice and austria be negotiate .
53 there roddy meet rita malone an enterprising scavenger rat who work the drain in she faithful boat the jammy dodger . rita do not like roddy initially but end up take he along as the toad send his henchman spike and whitey after she because she have steal back she father s prize jewel a long time ago . the toad despise all rodent to the point of hateful obsession blame rat for his fall from grace he be once prince charles pet . he decide to have they freeze with liquid nitrogen .
35 yanar interrupt say that she should decide since she be the victim . she accept okona s hand in marriage but benzan do not allow it . he turn to his father and say the jewel be not steal . he admit that he have take it and rightfully since he be the family heir . to everyone s shock benzan state he secretly give the jewel to okona to present to yanar as his vow of marriage .
39 he turn to his father and say the jewel be not steal . he admit that he have take it and rightfully since he be the family heir . to everyone s shock benzan state he secretly give the jewel to okona to present to yanar as his vow of marriage . yanar carry his child not okona s . there be a moment of stun silence on all the ship .
25 kushell remain stunned but tell okona that he be drop the charge of theft . now as write in their law benzan must present the jewel to his wife to be . benzan say he will offer it if yanar agree . yanar be hesitant angry that benzan try to frame okona but benzan admit he never believe his father would ever catch he .
80 the lombards occupy the town and station an arimannia there then a gastaldatus and finally at the beginning of the 9th century during the frankish period it become a county . the walled town – it be name arx fortissima in contemporary document guard the northern border of the duchy of spoleto against the byzantine garrison at gualdo tadino . the importance of nocera during the lombard period be underline by the necropolis excavate in 1897 whose artefact – weapon jewel household utensil ceramic form the core of the museo dell alto medioevo in rome .
36 garl s cleric wear war helm and gold belt . on ceremonial occasion their helm and armor be plate with gold as well . novice priest be know as the uncut while full priest be call jewel . the rank in garl s hierarchy be in ascend order the amethyst topaz opal jacinth diamond emerald ruby and sapphire priest . high priestess be call star rubies while male high priest be call star sapphires .
5 jellybean 3 the jets 1 jewel 3 j.m. silk 1 elton john 1
18 the first cd edition be release in japan in the early 1990 s . it come in both jewel box and paper sleeve version . this version be the same as the original vinyl but be master from a tape copy several generation remove from the original master . in 2002 the group member authorize a revise version of the cd with improved sound .
35 hands productions be a contemporary independent industrial music record label found in the early 1990s base in germany . hands productions be know for its cd packaging use cardboard and paper rather than typical plastic jewel case and typically elusive and minimalist design . most release artwork be design by nicola bork the domestic partner of udo wiessmann director of hands productions and a member of winterkälte . release be often rare and seek after as collector s item .
18 viper a ex-thief who be good with martial art . she once use the snake talisman to steal jewel but jackie manage to get it from she and she now be a member of the j team .
67 the el trapiche pool be in the countryside of the city fill with fresh and transparent waters and the mayan structure of casa blanca which exhibit the immortal rock over where general justo rufino barrios from guatemala be fatally wound and murder in the bloody battle of april 2nd 1885 . it also possess an old-fashioned church of pure colonial style . it be a beautiful architectonic jewel consecrate to the patron of the city of santiago apostol whose lyric representation crown the dome of the catholic church on a horseback .
84 it be well you know it be a lonesome thing to be pass small town with the light shine sideways when the night be down or go in strange place with a dog noising before you and a dog noising behind or draw to the city where you d hear a voice kiss and talk deep love in every shadow of the ditch and you pass on with an empty hungry stomach fail from your heart . — christy a daring fellow be the jewel of the world ... . — michael flaherty ...the blow of a loy have teach i that there be a great gap between a gallous story and a dirty deed . — pegeen
6 synopsis seek a legendary fortune in jewel troublesome collins family handyman willie loomis open a hidden coffin in the collins family crypt release vampire barnabas collins from his 150-year confinement . barnabas make willie his slave then present himself to the modern day collins family roger elizabeth carolyn and david as a cousin from england . barnabas move into the old house on the collins estate where the first barnabas have live . to thank his gracious host barnabas throw an elaborate costume ball .
84 the herbert von karajan plaza in front of suntory hall which be construct in april 1998 be in remembrance of the maestro who become closely associate with the hall and who also recommend the vineyard configuration whereby the audience surround the concert floor in the main hall . he also help with its acoustical evaluation and state in the message send to president keizo saji of suntory hall i be deeply move by the outstanding sound of the hall . it be truly a jewel box of sound .
46 fair use for ibopa squids- obsession and devotion.png the image ibopa squids- obsession and devotion.png be be link here though the picture be originally copyright i mxdxcxnx 14:17 7 august 2005 utc feel it be cover by fair use because #it be unsuitable to become a jewel case cover for an illegally copy cd #it will not prevent/hinder the artist from sell and profiting #its appearance on wikipedia will only raise awareness for the existence of the album and encourage fan of like band to pursue it .
46 fair use for ibopa when you write .jpg the image ibopa when you write .jpg be be link here though the picture be originally copyright i mxdxcxnx 14:27 7 august 2005 utc feel it be cover by fair use because #it be unsuitable to become a jewel case cover for an illegally copy cd #it will not prevent/hinder the artist from sell and profiting #its appearance on wikipedia will only raise awareness for the existence of the album and encourage fan of like band to pursue it .
28 as detail in the series alias the purple man have since be reveal to be link to the history of jessica jones . when she be the superhero jewel he use his mind control power to subdue she force she to live with he while psychologically torture she for several month . he ultimately send she off to kill daredevil . mistake the scarlet witch for daredevil jones attack she instead .
30 more widely know than his poetry be his great anthology the iqd al-farid the unique necklace a work divide into 25 section . the 13th section be name the middle jewel of the necklace and the chapter on either side be name after other jewel . it be an adab book resembling ibn qutaybah s uyun al-akhbar the fountain of story and the writings of al-jahiz from which it borrow largely . l. alvarez 1998 .
44 more widely know than his poetry be his great anthology the iqd al-farid the unique necklace a work divide into 25 section . the 13th section be name the middle jewel of the necklace and the chapter on either side be name after other jewel . it be an adab book resembling ibn qutaybah s uyun al-akhbar the fountain of story and the writings of al-jahiz from which it borrow largely . l. alvarez 1998 .
26 history accord to kalasan inscription date 778 ad pranagari script write in sanskrit the temple be erect by the will of guru sang raja sailendravamçatilaka the jewel of sailendra family that succeed to persuade maharaja tejapurnapana panangkaran in other part of the inscription also call as kariyana panangkaran to construct a holy building for the goddess boddhisattvadevus tara and also build a vihara monastery for buddhist monk from sailendra family s realm . panangkaran award the kalaça village to sangha buddhist monastic community . soetarno drs .
9 it be release in two version . a regular jewel case cd cdv 2712 and as a limited box-set with eight photo print cdvx 2712 .
80 burma now know as myanmar have fall and the japanese invasion of the indian subcontinent from the east appear imminent . the year 1942 be also mark by indian nationalist leader mahatma gandhi’s call for the quit india movement to the british ruler of india . the raj quartet be set in this tumultuous background for the british soldier and civilian station in india who have a duty to manage this part of the british empire know euphemistically as the jewel in the crown of the british monarch . one recurrent theme be the moral certainty of the older generation as contrast with the anomie of the younger for instance in day of the scorpion sarah layton envy the self-assurance of she older aunt . see day of the scorpion book two part two ch .
23 contact dermatitis 6 4 287-8 1980 pmid 6447037 doi:10.1111/j.1600-0536.1980.tb04935.x b. j. zink e. j. otten m. rosenthal b. singal . the effect of jewel weed in prevent poison ivy dermatitis . journal of wilderness medicine 2 3 178–182 1991 abstract be ineffective or of questionable effectiveness against itch .
13 1993 once and for all iran 1994 the wolf s trail iran 1994 jewel mountain iran 1994 bluff iran 1994 lost paradise iran
9 reference external links daughters of rebekah cemetery symbol rebekah jewel and pin
31 the 2005 season 2004 2005 show marked improvement in almost every area most notably in the front court with the addition of steven hill darian townes and charles thomas . the jewel of the recruit class al jefferson never make it to arkansas as he be select in the nba draft by the boston celtics . at the conclusion of the 2005 season heath speak for the team in announce they would not accept an invitation to the nit end of year basketball tournament . this follow an end of year slide which result in the loss of 5 of the last 6 game .
61 for the obligatory liner note stooges expert ben edmonds interview all of the survive stooge as well as several other who either be involve with or who admire the original album include henry rollins . instead of a book this box set feature edmonds extensive liner note print a section at a time in each of the first six disc s jewel case insert .
91 seat furniture form of mahogany when they be not paint or gild derive inspiration from seat and throne of antiquity recognizable in detail from bas-relief and on greek vase . jacob-desmalter receive commission from pauline borghese napoleon s sister in rome and the empress joséphine and marie louise for whom he supply numerous piece for the château de malmaison the château de compiègne the tuileries palace and other imperial residence . important commission include a magnificent cradle build for the infant king of rome and the most expensive single item the jewel cabinet for the empress deliver in 1812 . in 1809 jacob-desmalter principal supplier of furniture to the emperor deliver his most valuable order the jewel cabinet design for the empress joséphine s state bedroom in the tuileries soon to be use by marie-louise . it be design by the architect charles percier and embellish with gilt-bronze plaque the central one accord to its original description depict the birth of the queen of the earth to whom cupids and goddesses hasten with their offering by the empire be most eminent bronzier pierre-philippe thomire modelled by antoine-denis chaudet .
86 jacob-desmalter receive commission from pauline borghese napoleon s sister in rome and the empress joséphine and marie louise for whom he supply numerous piece for the château de malmaison the château de compiègne the tuileries palace and other imperial residence . important commission include a magnificent cradle build for the infant king of rome and the most expensive single item the jewel cabinet for the empress deliver in 1812 . in 1809 jacob-desmalter principal supplier of furniture to the emperor deliver his most valuable order the jewel cabinet design for the empress joséphine s state bedroom in the tuileries soon to be use by marie-louise . it be design by the architect charles percier and embellish with gilt-bronze plaque the central one accord to its original description depict the birth of the queen of the earth to whom cupids and goddesses hasten with their offering by the empire be most eminent bronzier pierre-philippe thomire modelled by antoine-denis chaudet . now at the louvre .
5 goo goo dolls hüsker dü jewel king missile live
46 in the 3 year lead up to the keycorp merger society acquire toledo-based trustcorp in 1990 and ameritrust in september 1991 a venerable cleveland bank formerly know as cleveland trust . the ameritrust deal put society on the map as a large regional bank . the jewel of ameritrust be its robust personal and corporate trust business . however it be wobble by bad real estate loan which force out ameritrust chairman jerry v. jarrett in 1990 . moreover gillespie be able to one-up their larger up-the-street archenemy national city bank which also bid for ameritrust .
73 the libertine or erotic novel feature feature eroticism seduction manipulation and social intrigue . classic example be les liaison dangereus dangerous liaison by pierre choderlos de laclos 1782 justine ou les malheurs de la vertu justine or the misfortune of virtue donatien alphonse françois de sade the marquis de sade 1797 le sopha conte moral the sopha a moral tale by claude prosper jolyot de crébillon 1745 and le bijoux indiscret the indiscreet jewel 1748 and la religieuse the nun by diderot 1760 .
37 they sweep through the city like hungry falcon attack a flight of dove or like rage wolf attack sheep with loose rein and shameless face murder and spread terror...beds and cushion make of gold and encrust with jewel be cut to piece with knife and tear to shred . those hide behind the veil of the great harem be drag ...through the street and alley each of they become a plaything ...as the population die at the hand of the invader . abdullah wassaf as cite by david morgan
40 after she be unconscious he search for valuable and steal several of she ring . in the process he remove his own black celluloid prison ring but fail to retrieve it . he leave the bedroom and hide the steal jewel in a barn not far from the house .
47 the rise of oil price damage the airline and many of gate gourmet s main customer go bankrupt or narrowly avoid bankruptcy . the weakness of the airline affect the industry that cater to or support it . this eventually set the stage for swissair s crown jewel require a restructuring effort which soon burden its employee . the company be sell in 2002 to texas pacific group for usd $ 870 million .
30 plot summary the necklace tell the story of madame mathilde loisel and she husband . when mathilde be little she always imagine herself in a high social position with wonderful jewel . however when she grow up she have nothing and marry a lowly clerk who be obsess with make she happy .
31 mathilde be upset for she have nothing to wear . use money that he be save to buy a rifle he let mathilde buy a fancy dress . mathilde also want jewel to wear with it . since they have no money leave she husband suggest that she borrow something from she friend madame jeanne forestier . mathilde pick out the fanciest jewel necklace that she can find .
34 mathilde also want jewel to wear with it . since they have no money leave she husband suggest that she borrow something from she friend madame jeanne forestier . mathilde pick out the fanciest jewel necklace that she can find . after attend the ministry of education s party mathilde find out that she have lose the necklace .
55 his brother nicholas cœur be make bishop of lyon his sister marry jean bochetel the king s secretary his daughter marry the son of the viscount of bourges and his son jean cœur become archbishop of bourge . but cœur s huge monopoly cause his ruin . deal in everything money and arm fur and jewel brocade and wool a broker a banker a farmer he have absorb the trade of the country and merchant complain they could make no profit because of he . he have lend money to needy courtier to member of the royal family and to the king himself and his debtor jealous of his wealth be eager for a chance to cause his downfall .
59 in january 2006 she release a demo mp3 single for free download of two track . ljaded describe by the guardian as a tribute to the myspace and blogg generation and another demo track london . it be accompany by the following instruction download the mp3s burn a cd download the artwork print it out stick it in a jewel case and hey presto a penny broadhurst single .
31 magnificent diamond be take from the mine in the region surround golkonda include darya-e nur mean sea of light at carat 0 g the largest and finest diamond of the crown jewel of iran .
67 landgravine margaret have difficult year after 1945 they be compound by the theft from schloss friedrichshof in november 1945 of the family jewelery value at over 2 million pound . petropoulos royals and the reich p . 344 after world war ii friedrichshof be use as an officer s club by the military authority during the american occupation . princess margaret s son wolfgang fear for the jewel have bury they in a subcellar of the castle . on 5 november 1945 the manager of the club captain kathleen nash discover the jewel and together with she future husband colonel jack durant and major david watson steal the treasure and take the jewel out of germany . petropoulos royals and the reich p . 345 in early 1946 princess margaret discover the theft when the family want to use the jewel for the wedding of princess sophia who be prepare to remarry .
62 petropoulos royals and the reich p . 344 after world war ii friedrichshof be use as an officer s club by the military authority during the american occupation . princess margaret s son wolfgang fear for the jewel have bury they in a subcellar of the castle . on 5 november 1945 the manager of the club captain kathleen nash discover the jewel and together with she future husband colonel jack durant and major david watson steal the treasure and take the jewel out of germany . petropoulos royals and the reich p . 345 in early 1946 princess margaret discover the theft when the family want to use the jewel for the wedding of princess sophia who be prepare to remarry . princess sophia and landgravine margaret denounce it to the frankfurt authority the culprit be imprison but not until august 1951 the hesse family receive what have be recover only 10 percent of what have be steal .
82 petropoulos royals and the reich p . 344 after world war ii friedrichshof be use as an officer s club by the military authority during the american occupation . princess margaret s son wolfgang fear for the jewel have bury they in a subcellar of the castle . on 5 november 1945 the manager of the club captain kathleen nash discover the jewel and together with she future husband colonel jack durant and major david watson steal the treasure and take the jewel out of germany . petropoulos royals and the reich p . 345 in early 1946 princess margaret discover the theft when the family want to use the jewel for the wedding of princess sophia who be prepare to remarry . princess sophia and landgravine margaret denounce it to the frankfurt authority the culprit be imprison but not until august 1951 the hesse family receive what have be recover only 10 percent of what have be steal .
81 princess margaret s son wolfgang fear for the jewel have bury they in a subcellar of the castle . on 5 november 1945 the manager of the club captain kathleen nash discover the jewel and together with she future husband colonel jack durant and major david watson steal the treasure and take the jewel out of germany . petropoulos royals and the reich p . 345 in early 1946 princess margaret discover the theft when the family want to use the jewel for the wedding of princess sophia who be prepare to remarry . princess sophia and landgravine margaret denounce it to the frankfurt authority the culprit be imprison but not until august 1951 the hesse family receive what have be recover only 10 percent of what have be steal . petropoulos royals and the reich p . 349
53 within a narrow courtyard give access to the temple contain the fourth panchen lama s tomb . the temple vestibule have very large inscription at either end praise his holiness . inside the silver and gold stupa tomb rival any in the potala palace in lhasa for the splendour of its craftsmenship and jewel . measuring 11 metre 36 ft in height it contain 85 kg 187 lb of gold and countless semi-precious stone . on the left be three statue represent amitabha the buddha of infinite light whom the panchen lams be think to embody .
36 the diwatas refer to he as bathala god . his likeness be represent by the many statue scatter around the palace of lireo and sapiro . one of his statue become alive when he give the jewel of the element to cassiopea and she ally during the war against etheria . ether — bathaluman goddess of the etherian people who take their name from she . for fall in love with arde emre turn she into an enormous snake a form she frequently assume when manifesting in encantadia .
51 she find they all and keep their spirit in a crystal ball and bring they to the future . the crystal ball break and their spirit be free and they hide in hera andal . they practice fight and be plot something evil so they may try and steal the four jewel because their power be too weak compare to the sing gres power so etheria may once again rise back in glory . see encantadia pag-ibig hanggang wakas soundtrack there be no original soundtrack ost yet for etheria .
22 in addition special ring pops be available for the holiday . easter ring pops use the traditional plastic ring but replace the jewel shape hard candy with easter shape like chicks or bunny . easter ring pops be available in the everyday foil packaging as well as in a unique plastic easter egg . both can be use in easter basket .
15 tom mistake the tardis for a real police telephone box while attempt to foil a jewel robbery . tom accompany doctor who along with his niece louise and his granddaughter susan to the year 2150 where they discover that the daleks have invade earth . after the daleks be defeat doctor who return he to london a few minute before the robbery be due to take place enable he to catch the robber .
53 however schism arise among the sangha which be resolve during the fifth buddhist synod hold in mandalay in 1871 . from 1860 to 1868 the tipitaka be engrave on 729 marble slab and assemble in the kuthodaw pagoda . in 1871 a new htus the gold umbrella that crown a stupa encrust with jewel from the crown be also donate by mindon min for the shwedagon now in british burma .
89 this be hayworth s first starring role in a big budget film from she home studio columbia pictures . while the film be in production life magazine put she on its cover and feature inside a photo of hayworth kneel on a bed in a nightgown which soon become one of the most widely distribute pin-up of all time . hayworth a talented and sensual dancer of astonishing natural grace and beauty cooperate enthusiastically with astaire s intense rehearsal habit and be later to remark i guess the only jewel in my life be the picture i make with fred astaire . the picture be very successful at the box office turn hayworth into a major star and provide a welcome boost to astaire who feel his career have flag since break with ginger rogers .
32 the little black bag one of the main way that so many different subplot be tie together be with three black suitcase that be mistake for each other . one suitcase contain jewel that antony rossano purchase after he steal $ 50k from snaps . the second suitcase contain nora s underwear . the third suitcase contain another $ 50k this time in cash that rossano steal from snap .
36 the second suitcase contain nora s underwear . the third suitcase contain another $ 50k this time in cash that rossano steal from snap . there be two different scene where snaps wish to give either jewel or cash to the doctor but instead open up the suitcase to find underwear . the bag be switch out a number of different time with the intention of return nora s underwear to she and the jewels/cash to snap but by the end of the movie nora have both the suitcase with the jewel and the suitcase with the cash . this leave only the suitcase with the underwear in the house when the police arrive to start make accusation .
83 the third suitcase contain another $ 50k this time in cash that rossano steal from snap . there be two different scene where snaps wish to give either jewel or cash to the doctor but instead open up the suitcase to find underwear . the bag be switch out a number of different time with the intention of return nora s underwear to she and the jewels/cash to snap but by the end of the movie nora have both the suitcase with the jewel and the suitcase with the cash . this leave only the suitcase with the underwear in the house when the police arrive to start make accusation . toomey open up the bag of underwear as reporter snap photo .
7 kelly s eye tim kelly discover a jewel the eye of everlasting life which grant he invulnerability . he be currently a prisoner in the government prison much age as they take away the eye .
15 a limited edition gold cd single be release in the uk house in a gold jewel case . the track listing be the same as the standard cd single .
15 # news/black-eyed-peas-jason-mraz-streak-to-hot-1004004352.story . 69 week leann rimes — how do i live 1997 65 week jewel — foolish games you be meant for i 1997 64 week carrie underwood before he cheats 2006 62 week lifehouse — you and i 2005
15 on the right side be empress theodora solemn and formal with golden halo crown and jewel and a train of court lady . she be almost depict as a goddess . as oppose to the v formation of the figure in the justinian mosaic the mosaic with empress theodora show the figure move from left to right into the church .
57 downfall and sodomy arrestjonathan wild become the master of organized crime in the city and hitchen although he probably still extort money from tavern and brothel continue his position as under city marshal . in 1727 however the end come for both wild and hitchen . wild be catch after perform a violent jail break and steal jewel from the installation of the knights of the garter ceremony . hitchen however be target by the societies for the reformation of manners which perform a sweep of london attempt to root out sodomitical practice . hitchen be catch and put on trial for sodomy a capital offence and attempt sodomy .
43 still even if the rumor of capone s and dillinger s visit to the terre haute house be just that — rumor — they no doubt add romance and luster to the story of a hotel that be in its day the crown jewel of a thriving if somewhat seedy midwest town .
46 asian cinema fund the asian cinema fund be a funding program to help activate more independent film production and to set up a stable production environment . it support project in various stage and category from script development and post-production to documentary film to discover hide jewel from future talent . acf also aim to be a cornerstone in the foundation of a pan-asian network by provide a meeting place for asian filmmaker . the 900 million win approximately 900,000usd asian cinema fund will be use to provide support to seven project in script development five post-production and thirteen documentary film .
45 but silla do not permit . so 120 person of his clan be stay in minama . enjoy his experience he leave and return with member of his clan from 120 district of his own land as well as a massive hoard of treasure include jewel exotic textile and silver and gold which be present to the emperor as a gift .
62 he discover the kusanagi-no-tsurugi legendary sword of the imperial regalia of japan in one of its tail . watatsumi 海神 sea god or ryūjin 龍神 dragon god be the ruler of sea and ocean and describe as a dragon capable of change into human form . he live in the undersea ryūgū-jō 龍宮城 dragon palace castle where he keep the magical tide jewel . toyotama-hime 豊玉姫 luminous pearl princess be ryūjin s daughter . she purportedly be an ancestress of emperor jimmu japan s legendary first emperor .
52 urashima tarō rescue a turtle which take he to ryūgū-jō and turn into the attractive daughter of the ocean god ryūjin . inari the god of fertility and agriculture be sometimes depict as a dragon or snake instead of a fox . the ama diver princess tamatori steal the dragon king s jewel by utagawa kuniyoshi.the dragon king s daughter by utagawa kuniyoshisino-japanese dragon chinese dragon mythology be central to japanese dragon . japanese word for dragon be write with kanji chinese character either simplified shinjitaus 竜 or traditional kyūjitai 龍 from chinese long 龍 .
44 for instance the undersea palace where nāga king supposedly live be call japanese ryūgū 龍宮 dragon palace from chinese longgong 龍宮 . compare ryūgū-jō 龍宮城 dragon palace castle which be the sea-god ryūjin s undersea residence . japanese legend about the sea-god s tide jewel which control the ebb and flow of tide have parallel in indian legend about the nāga s nyoi-ju 如意珠 cintamanus wish-fulfilling jewel .
66 for instance the undersea palace where nāga king supposedly live be call japanese ryūgū 龍宮 dragon palace from chinese longgong 龍宮 . compare ryūgū-jō 龍宮城 dragon palace castle which be the sea-god ryūjin s undersea residence . japanese legend about the sea-god s tide jewel which control the ebb and flow of tide have parallel in indian legend about the nāga s nyoi-ju 如意珠 cintamanus wish-fulfilling jewel .
39 shane find his office and apartment have be ransack and his secretary miss murgatroyd have be lock in a closet by anthony travers who be in search of an 8th century ram s horn rumor to be fill with jewel . madame barabbas be also search for the treasure and send a gunman to bring shane to she . work all side of the street shane make deal with each of they to find the horn and eventually wind up in possession of a package allegedly contain it but it turn out to be full of sand instead of jewel .
99 shane find his office and apartment have be ransack and his secretary miss murgatroyd have be lock in a closet by anthony travers who be in search of an 8th century ram s horn rumor to be fill with jewel . madame barabbas be also search for the treasure and send a gunman to bring shane to she . work all side of the street shane make deal with each of they to find the horn and eventually wind up in possession of a package allegedly contain it but it turn out to be full of sand instead of jewel .
30 aldross the third the father of rinda and remus . istavan spellsword a young mercenary without scruple but who be portray sympathetically . when he be bear he hold a jewel in his hand and a seer predict that he would one day rule a kingdom and marry the princess of light who he believe be rinda . he be nickname the crimson mercenary . istavan be a cunning fellow and a battle-hardened mercenary by his approximate age of 20 .
21 the museum unoaerre have realize an inner museum with work of the artist who have collaborate to the production of its jewel like pietro cascella salvador dalì and salvatore fiume there be also a section of industrial archaeology in order not to disperse the historical memory of its activity of gold production during more than seventy-five year of life .
8 colors emerald green and gold flower yellow rise jewel pearl symbol anchorsorority jewelrythe pearl badge of alpha sigma tau badge wear by initiate member
7 lord bristol who have be jail for jewel theft in his youth be a harsh father to his oldest son accord to friend of the latter . he treat his son and heir with indifference and contempt say anthony haden-guest . the marquess of blandford sum up the relationship victor create the monster that john become .
9 collection two former-portland council crest brill streetcar be the jewel of the oerhs collection . other vintage streetcar at the museum include an open-sided car from sydney australia double-decker from blackpool england and hong kong and two 1940 pcc streetcar from san francisco .
61 these sword originate before the 1st century b.c. and reach their height of popularity as the chief possession of warlord and samurai . the production of a sword have retain something of the religious quality it once have in embody the soul of the samurai and the martial spirit of japan . for many japanese the sword one of the three jewel of the nation remain a potent symbol possessor would treasure a sword and it would be maintain within the family its loss signify their ruin .
14 in jainism a chakravartin be characterize by possession of saptaratna that be the seven jewel consist of charka queen chariot jewel wealth horse and elephant . additionally the list also include a prime minister and a son navaratna . a chakravartin be consider an ideal human be endow with thirty-two major sign of excellence and many minor sign of excellence .
20 in jainism a chakravartin be characterize by possession of saptaratna that be the seven jewel consist of charka queen chariot jewel wealth horse and elephant . additionally the list also include a prime minister and a son navaratna . a chakravartin be consider an ideal human be endow with thirty-two major sign of excellence and many minor sign of excellence .
27 providence day earn blue ribbon news 14 carolina october 7 2003 . accessed november 6 2007 . this year the queen city be boast one of those jewel in she crown . providence day school become charlotte’s only blue ribbon school of excellence .... providence day win the blue ribbon in 1987 as well . blue ribbon schools program schools recognized 1982-1983 through 1999-2002 pdf united states department of education .
91 tr araña be credit for have uncover an elusive weapon cache at colonia dignidad gun and rocket launcher bury 10 meter down and then for locate the body of luis francisco yuraszeck a chilean businessman who have be miss since march 2004 and whose body be bury under four meter of cement . however international attention come in 2005 after wagner technologies the funding company behind the development of salinas s invention claim to have use it to find the largest record treasure trove roughly 600 barrel of gold coin and jewel worth about $ 10 billion bury 15 meter beneath the surface of robinson crusoe island in the chilean archipelago of juan fernández . the treasure have be seize from the inca by spanish conquistadores and bury on the island in 1715 by juan esteban ubilla y echeverría . because of its value it have for century attract unsuccessful treasure hunter to the island which be also the site of the shipwreck that inspire the robinson crusoe novel .
81 boyish down-to-earth denning be the hardest worker while fourcade sniff the client air to gauge if it be socially register before he go beyond the fringe . inside the decorating establishment the ant and the grasshopper by rosemary kent new york april 28 1975 jewelry designer kenneth jay lane develop a passion for art piece from the middle east which the firm be in the vanguard of introduce and have also use some of their lighting treatment . home design 2002 jewel in the town by bob morris april 8 2002 new york online retrieve june 29 2006 denning design jason epstein s soho home a vision for book that exult in happenstance by dinitia smith january 13 2001 new york times online retrieve august 9 2009 from scratch in the shell of the building that house the first consolidated new york police department . this be an entirely new effort for the designer who be know by many to specialize in a period we d call early-fringed-lampshade but chic . scull-duggery the split goes public by joan kron new york january 20 1975 p . 52
89 captain cook witness an inasi ceremony in 1777 in which he notice a lot of foreigner in tonga especially the darker people that resemble african descend from fiji solomon islands citation need and vanuatu citation need . the tongan linguistic analogue be to'onga see many fine mat come into the possession of the tongan royal family through chiefly marriage with samoan noblewoman such as tohu'ia the mother of tu'i kanokupolu ngata who come from safata upolu samoa . these mat include the maneafaingaa and tasiaeafe be consider the crown jewel of the current tupou line kie hingoa named mats ie toga fine mats and other treasured textiles of samoa and tonga . journal of the polynesian society special issue 108 2 june 1999 which be derive matrilineally from samoa see songs and poems of queen salote edit by elizabeth wood-ellem . the success of the empire be largely base upon the imperial navy .
3 nominees anastasia blue jewel de'nyle india katja kean
11 after the derby both horse return to action in the second jewel of the triple crown the preakness stakes . easy goer break poorly when he dwell at the start but be able to get within 3 length of his rival with a mile remain in the 1 3/16 mile race . easy goer have a 2 length lead over his rival with a half mile remain .
7 the two meet again in the final jewel of the triple crown the belmont stakes know as the test of the champion and run for the carnations . sunday silence go off odds-on favorite back by his two win against easy goer and attempt to earn american racing s most elusive achievement the triple crown . this time easy goer be at his best and defeat his rival by 8 length in 2:26 which seem to vindicate his reputation .
22 the song s lyric be about a woman name aicha who be be woo by a man . he promise she pearl jewel poem and other luxury and romantic thing to which she reply keep your treasure i be worth more than all that
68 design by the firm ross and macdonald and first construct between 1925 and 1927 the building serve as the eaton s department store until 1999 . until its recent conversion to a shopping and office complex it be the largest store in quebec and the second largest in canada . for many year the montreal eaton s store and eaton s college street in toronto be the crown jewel of the retail chain .
48 only when the restoration finally come do jane return to england . charles be then able to give she a pension of £1000 per year and many gift include portrait of the king and a lock of his hair . parliament also vote she £1000 to buy a jewel to commemorate she service . she courageous loyalty earn for she family the right to add the three lion of england to the coat of arms . in later year the lion exempt the lane family from a tax on coat of arm as the royal arm be exempt .
6 the concert grand be the crown jewel of bozak speaker system since its introduction in 1951 . charlie kittleson . citation series by harman kardon vacuum tube issue # 4 .
55 two of the earliest cd-rom compilation for the pc demo scene come from the hornet archive specifically dan wright who compile the escape cd-rom in 1994 . five hundred copy of escape be press in six month and two run . the first edition release in november sell for $ 9 and come in a jewel case with artwork do by various scene artist . the final edition sell for $ 5 and come in a plastic viewpak with new art . the cd be mixed mode combine file from hornet and bbses with scene music mostly from music contest 2.
85 the owner of the castle lucifer pretend to treat she as a guest until it become time to awaken the sleeping princess . in the meantime goku and krillin fight monster and they drop in on bulma just before the butler can drain bulma of she blood through a giant syringe bulma s blood be to be use to toast the awakening of the sleeping princess . then launch in she evil blonde state arrive to steal the sleeping princess which be really a giant jewel . everyone be capture and encase in a wall of rock .
16 it be the night of a full moon and the moonlight be use to power the jewel . the moonlight also turn goku into an oozaru and everyone escape . they fight lucifer and goku use the kamehameha blast to destroy lucifer s princess-powered laser cannon the full-moonlight be to be use to destroy the sun and begin the reign of darkness and kill lucifer .
7 trivia the company also make a 12 jewel very accurate mechanical submarine wall clock that be in officer area on board know to stay on time in a wide band of temperature . it be highly seek after in certain collector market especially in soviet union item collector .
25 vostok be the only producer of chronometer precision wristwatch in soviet union volna almaz and vostok precision base on their movement vostok 2809 with 22 jewel . the watch be produce in 1960 .
34 charles in the tv series timothy goes to school from 9 september 2000 . zack dreyer in the tv movie santa who on 19 november 2000 . wilman age 10-11 in the tv movie jewel on 7 february 2001 . thomas in the tv movie sister mary explain it all on 27 may 2001 . stephen porter in the canadian tv series the associates episode parent who need em 22 march 2002 .
80 most notably szablum a cross between saber and scimitar with a curved blade and richly decorate handle model on a persian scimitar become a characteristic accessory of the nobility . ottoman luxurious dagger sheath carpet helmet and saddle be also common what be not acquire from trade come as loot from many military conflict along the commonwealth southern border . the manor dwór dworek of the polish nobleman be decorate with war trophy oriental tapestry and silk embroidery stud with jewel and ottoman weapon persian rug turkish kilim . few luxury item be of domestic produce most be import from the west via danzig gdańsk or from the east . in everyday life the polish noble enjoy color opulence and festivity .
36 a warning shot across the bow should have be give first . instead the u-boat fire a torpedo with no warning . at the time of sink persia be carry a large quantity of gold and jewel belong to the maharaja jagatjit singh . among the passenger to survive be john douglas-scott-montagu 2nd baron montagu of beaulieu . his secretary and mistress eleanor thornton who be the model for the rolls-royce spirit of ecstasy mascot by charles robinson sykes die .
50 the wreck of the persia be locate off crete in 2003 at a depth of 10,000 foot 3,000 m and an attempt be make to salvage the treasure locate in the bullion room . the salvage attempt meet with limited success retrieve artifact and portion of the ship and some jewel from the bullion room .
57 in september 2007 it be announce that original member ryan vanderhoof depart the group amicably sometime between the completion of 2007 release love be simple and the start of the band s u.s. tour accord to akron/family s publicist . the reasoning behind his departure be that he go to live in a buddhist dharma center tsogyelgar/flaming jewel in the midwest . the akron/family tour in september 2007 include support act megafaun and greg davis who join the akron/family onstage to create a seven-piece band . megafaun and greg davis also play in akron/family band for their october 2007 west coast tour .
42 hawks nest state park be locate on acre in fayette county near ansted west virginia . the park s clifftop overlook along u.s. route 60 provide a scenic vista of the new river some 750 foot 230 m below . crockett m. jewel in our crown pictoria histories charleston wv 2004 . isbn 1-891852-35-3 the hydro-electric project tunnel that pass underneath nearby gauley mountain be the scene of the tragic depression-era hawk s nest incident . the park s lodge and aerial gondola to the river be locate about a mile further east from the overlook along u.s. 60 closer to the center of ansted .
17 popka lolo s talkative friend who resemble a dog with pointed feature and a pair of green jewel for eye . he be also compete in the tournament and make quick enemy with gantz .
36 . . since join bayern ribéry have be recognise on the world stage as one of the best french player of his generation . the previous talisman of les bleus zinedine zidane have call ribéry the jewel of french football .
10 amarantine special christmas edition this two-disc set in a 2-cd jewel case and cover sleeve be release in 2006 . it feature the previously release 12 track on the first disc . the second disc have 4 newly record christmas song adeste fideles the magic of the night we wish you a merry christmas and christmas secret .
17 peter n. alexander . totally fun company . . universal originally envision the attraction as the crown jewel of the florida park . while the attraction draw substantial crowd it have an unreliable track record due to the complex special effect involve . new york times .
66 in 1993 dfs be float on the stock market and value at £271million with kirkham and his family trust own just over half of the share . this bring the kirkham family to the attention of thief who in 1994 break into the family home at sprotborough while they be on holiday . the burglar bind and gag the housekeeper and make off with money and jewel worth £2.4m later recover but still south yorkshire s largest arm robbery .
38 jonny be a passionate fan of the atlanta braves and will defend they to the hilt with regular call of g'won the braves when they win his favourite player be chipper jones . mlb coverage have be the jewel in the crown of five s late night schedule and lead to the station securing nfl nhl and nba coverage as well .
20 heinrich be a very graphic lyricist he particularly often make use of image of shine sun moon evening star gold jewel mirror as comparison by which to describe the lady who be be sing and praise .
11 aspect of the village the village of les contamines be a jewel at the heart of the mont blanc region . the sensation of a hide valley result in a very close knit local community . the village have preserve its historic aspect .
8 1978 junoon 1981 36 chowringhee lane 1984 the jewel in the crown 1986 sultanat 1987 loha
24 jessica be shylock s daughter in the merchant of venice . she elope with lorenzo and convert to christianity . a jeweller sell a jewel to timon in timon of athens . joan la pucelle hist better know to history as joan of arc lead the dauphin s force against talbot and the english in henry vi part 1 . shakespeare present she as an adulterer who fake pregnancy in order to avoid be burnt at the stake . john
51 between 996 and 1008 the duke of normandy richard ii offer this area in dowry to his wife judith of brittany who build a bénédictine abbey at once . the monk arrange the site by important hydraulic work cleansing mill fishery ... and the construction of an abbey which remain a jewel of the norman romanesque architecture . to cover the expense and to ensure their defense they yield a part of their property in 1048 .
32 some of she greatest success be in the french repertoire in role include manon marguerite in gounod s faust in london and paris the times 9 june 1983 p . 20 the jewel song have the girlish delight that gounod want but do not always get deliver in the easy coloratura miss masterson first display in the pirates of penzance . juliet in romeo and juliet in london and internationally eno programme booklet 10 february 1983 leila in the pearl fishers eno programme booklet 12 october 1987 and the title role in louise . eno programme booklet 26 november 1981 of she manon for eno the times comment the coliseum have find a worthy successor to elizabeth harwood in the delectable form of valerie masterson who have here she greatest success to date with the company .
57 emily crandall a girl nancy only know through she friend helen corning ask nancy to come to lilac inn to see she . she mother die a month ago leave she to run the inn with only the help of a guardian jane willoughby . when nancy arrive at the inn she encounter a mystery involve steal jewel a miss will car chase and plenty of adventure .
47 jim archer be a good-natured but secretly desperate businessman who be try to make it through the depression . although he be always smile the bank he own be teeter on the brink of failure . would he forge a will or steal emily s mother s jewel just so that he could save his bank
95 the name of emily crandall s inn be take from the nancy drew book the mystery at lilac inn . jim archer be the name of helen corning s husband in the nancy drew book the nancy drew book the hidden staircase the bungalow mystery and the mystery at lilac inn be combine in this game because there be a hidden staircase at lilac inn just like in the hidden staircase but its in twin elms the carriage house beside crowley s house look like the bungalow in the bungalow mystery and there be steal jewel in lilac inn . richard topham say he have esp. abby from message in a haunted mansion also have esp.
5 despite sell all the crown jewel which you can not sell again brown have fail to address the debt situation . we be now a nationwide first division club and we be not generate the revenue to handle our current financial position . the bank be beg for a credible alternative .
68 he be summon by lincoln to track down emperor zombie an undead occultist and originally a groundskeeper at hyde park . zombie and his henchman the vampire madam and scientist dr. snap have steal an ancient manuscript . this will allow he access to the temple of gung a warlord who nearly conquer the world over ten thousand year ago with supernatural power gain from a fabulous melon-sized jewel which zombie obviously plan to use for himself .
33 with the aid of his manservant mr. groin and dog mr. dog screw-on head manage to track down zombie but not before the villain and his henchman find the treasure instead of a jewel the tomb contain a turnip with a small parallel universe inside . zombie unleash the demigod within but screw-on head manage to defeat it in combat .
1 filmography jewel 2001 on the line 2001 foolproof 2003
19 in 2006 she be in los angeles do audition and also become the face of the anna beth s jewel new collection . she be currently film a new movie call i can't think straight in which she play lamia . the movie be about an indian family prepare the wedding of their daughter .
4 echium virescen tower of jewel be a plant include in the genus echium . it be endemic to the island of tenerife mainly in macizo de anaga and the orotava valley . it have its own flowering region and be in the lower zone of the slope of the south of the island .
48 which do not prevent he from fall for pretty kate fairchild a young woman who run a sailing school . of course the way he express his deep sympathy for the lady leave to be desire . and the situation do not improve when a trio of bumble jewel thief interfere .
18 cd with xcp technology can be identify by the letter xcp print on the back cover of the jewel case for the cd accord to . .
42 opalina be a girl s name of indian hindu origin and mean a precious stone . take from opal a semiprecious gemstone which reflect light in a dazzling display of color which be ultimately derive from the sanskrit word upala precious stone jewel . variation of this name include opal opale opala opalah opalia opaline opalyn opalyna opalynah opalyne .
16 the image of buddha should be bath with water render holy with all medicinal herb all jewel and all scent in accordance with the saying of the sakyas . the dwelling of the sakyas i .e .
11 memory in 1995 british folk-rock band fairport convention release the album jewel in the crown include the islands by ralph mctell and maartin allcock . the song defiantly commemorate the wreck of the braer personify the sea as the protector of the british isles .
14 ruby lead a secret life as rose the thief rob corrupt noble of their jewel and give the money to orphanage . she save a little for herself on the side too .
3 to thee oh jewel of the konas
0 jewel within thee island jewel
4 jewel within thee island jewel
93 the story begin when a private detective help a prostitute be assault and notice that she be wear a very unique ring . she be later find murder and there be no trace of the ring which turn out to be part of a cache of jewelry steal by the nazis during world war ii and smuggle out of france after the wary by an american army colonel . the private eye decide to try to find the ring and run into numerous trouble with other party that be also look for the jewel . plot summary
26 at the blue bell mike recognize holloway among the customer and eventually he and holloway meet . holloway who think mike know the whereabouts of the jewel offer he twenty-five percent of their value if he can produce they as he intend to cut they up and extract the valuable diamond . he then explain that when he go to prison he leave the jewel with his friend jean whom he have rescue from the nazis but jean carelessly give red the ring because she be kind to he . holloway add that a frenchman name la roche peter mamakos be the leader of a gang that also be search for the jewel .
64 at the blue bell mike recognize holloway among the customer and eventually he and holloway meet . holloway who think mike know the whereabouts of the jewel offer he twenty-five percent of their value if he can produce they as he intend to cut they up and extract the valuable diamond . he then explain that when he go to prison he leave the jewel with his friend jean whom he have rescue from the nazis but jean carelessly give red the ring because she be kind to he . holloway add that a frenchman name la roche peter mamakos be the leader of a gang that also be search for the jewel . when mike go to maria s apartment he be mug by la roche the man with the hook and his accomplice .
95 holloway who think mike know the whereabouts of the jewel offer he twenty-five percent of their value if he can produce they as he intend to cut they up and extract the valuable diamond . he then explain that when he go to prison he leave the jewel with his friend jean whom he have rescue from the nazis but jean carelessly give red the ring because she be kind to he . holloway add that a frenchman name la roche peter mamakos be the leader of a gang that also be search for the jewel . when mike go to maria s apartment he be mug by la roche the man with the hook and his accomplice . mike then drive to nancy s house and tell she what he have learn after which she give he a drugged drink cause he to and pass out .
44 the next day mike learn that maria have be murder and holloway inform he that ludwig teller a dutch diamond cutter whom he try to hire be already on board a ship to los angeles . holloway assume that la roche have find the jewel and contract teller . mike try to intercept teller at the dock and narrowly escape death in a scrap metal yard where la roche s henchman work . on his car radio tune to the police wavelength mike hear that he be want for question over an incident at nancy s house .
59 when mike arrive at the house he secretly observe louis dead body be carry out just as teller be suffer a heart attack . mike also see chamber examine a large hole which apparently house a conceal wall safe . holloway be wait for mike at his car and tell he that the la roche gang have take the jewel and be prepare to leave from the dock .
25 after a gunfight between the two faction la roche fall on his own hook and holloway be mortally wound . mike recover the bag of jewel and show they to the die holloway . nancy then pull alongside in she motorboat mike jump on board and they leave . when mike give nancy the jewel and ask if they be all there she reveal she involvement in the case by state that the collection be intact except for the ring then admit that she and louis be partner in search for the jewel .
34 mike recover the bag of jewel and show they to the die holloway . nancy then pull alongside in she motorboat mike jump on board and they leave . when mike give nancy the jewel and ask if they be all there she reveal she involvement in the case by state that the collection be intact except for the ring then admit that she and louis be partner in search for the jewel . she also state that she have not intend for red to be kill and jean be murder to prevent he from tell holloway that she and louis now have the jewel . maria be also kill to prevent she talk about the case .
72 mike recover the bag of jewel and show they to the die holloway . nancy then pull alongside in she motorboat mike jump on board and they leave . when mike give nancy the jewel and ask if they be all there she reveal she involvement in the case by state that the collection be intact except for the ring then admit that she and louis be partner in search for the jewel . she also state that she have not intend for red to be kill and jean be murder to prevent he from tell holloway that she and louis now have the jewel . maria be also kill to prevent she talk about the case .
90 nancy then pull alongside in she motorboat mike jump on board and they leave . when mike give nancy the jewel and ask if they be all there she reveal she involvement in the case by state that the collection be intact except for the ring then admit that she and louis be partner in search for the jewel . she also state that she have not intend for red to be kill and jean be murder to prevent he from tell holloway that she and louis now have the jewel . maria be also kill to prevent she talk about the case . nancy have assume that she and mike have a future together but mike inform she that he intend to hand she over to the police .
5 jewelee carry a set of jewel that contain different property . one be a hypno jewel that can create convincing illusion and light effect . another jewel be capable of generate energy for force blast .
15 jewelee carry a set of jewel that contain different property . one be a hypno jewel that can create convincing illusion and light effect . another jewel be capable of generate energy for force blast .
26 jewelee carry a set of jewel that contain different property . one be a hypno jewel that can create convincing illusion and light effect . another jewel be capable of generate energy for force blast .
26 a remaster 2cd version of the album be release in japan by arcangelo records in july 2007 as a limited edition mini-vinyl sleeve . a standard jewel case version be release in the uk by voiceprint records in june 2008 .
50 if the woman and she mother approve of the match a formal sometimes verbal contract would then be agree upon . a financial settlement could be $ 50 per month or a lump sum of $ 2,000 as well as a house . this do not include any other property--like jewel slave land or additional cash--that the gentleman would bestow on his placée during the relationship . after matter be resolve the woman within day would become the placée of the white creole man . until the house be complete the woman be heavily chaperon wherever she go even if she receive a visit from she intended .
4 echium simplex tower of jewel be a plant include in the genus echium . it be a herbaceous biennial plant and grow up to 3 m in height and require plenty of sun . they be endemic in the island of tenerife mainly in macizo de anaga .
60 god know that pharaoh would not let they go unless force by a mighty hand so god would strike egypt with wonder and then pharaoh would let they go . ex . 3:19–20 . god would make the egyptian view the israelites favorably so that the israelites would not leave empty hand but every woman would ask she neighbor for jewel and clothing and the israelites would strip the egyptian . ex . 3:21–22.
12 the plate be far less regal than a european monarch s crown jewel consist of a material composition of industrial metal such as brass or iron rather than the gold or silver that many leader be more familiar with . a typical format of inscript the king plate be to write the aborigine s name across the upper part of the plate s face with the title king of beneath proceed by the year of presentation . some particularly distinguish aboriginal character be say to have ironically have the royal seal of queen victoria engrave somewhere on the plate to add an extra air of prestige .
19 # nashville blues earl scruggs – 3:10 # you be my flower a.p. carter – 3:35 # the precious jewel roy acuff – 3:30 with roy acuff # dark as a dungeon merle travis – 2:45 with merle travis # tennessee stud jimmie driftwood – 4:22 with doc watson
61 sharpe and lawford be imprison as the british army prepare to assault the booby-trapped wall of the city . mary help sharpe to escape and sharpe blow up the mine before the main british army can enter the trap . as the sultan try to flee the city sharpe find he in a dark tunnel kill he and steal his rich jewel . sharpe throw hakeswill to the sultan s tiger but the recently feed animal ignore hakeswill and sharpe s enemy survive to plague he in later adventure .
41 colonel hector mccandless scot intelligence officer for the east india company hold captive by tipoo sultan in the dungeon of seringapatam . tippoo sultan the indian king who be kill by sharpe . his red ruby and some of his other jewel be steal by sharpe . colonel jean gudin a french adviser to tippoo sultan . sergeant obadiah hakeswill become sharpe s enemy engineer his sentence to 2000 lash .
38 the new york times company . . lonely planet call the pavilion the anchor of the park lonely planet publications . . and the 2004 year in review issue of time describe it as the park s crown jewel . lacayo richard 2004 . time inc. . .
40 there be four type of weapon sword polearm bow and throw weapon . there be five type of armor body armor helmet leg armor glove and mask . there be four item which provide extra stat bonus talisman prayer bead jewel and medicine case .
60 the trio learn that a doomsday cult have arise one which make extensive use of snake symbolism . while break into one of the cult s fortified temple in shadizar conan discover rexor oversee a human sacrifice a confirmation of the cult s connection to thulsa doom . the thief succeed in make off with among other thing a large jewel famously dub the eye of the serpent and a jade amulet in the shape of thulsa doom s vanir battle standard the emblem of the snake-god set . in the process conan and his fellow thief be force to kill thorgrim s pet a giant snake guard the treasure .
4 princess gwenevere and the jewel rider also know as starla the jewel riders and list as such on bkn s official site originally also as the jewel riders of camelot be a 1995 child s fantasy animate television series inspire by the arthurian myth . it be produce by bohbot productions now bkn with association with hong ying animation and internationally syndicate by bohbot entertainment and be originally commission by hasbro to accompany their line of toy albeit only in the form of vague outline and the creator develop the plot and the character . robert mandell interview on the oedo there be two season of thirteen episode each .
53 robert mandell on the internet movie database while it be less well know than its predecessor it have a small fan following and along with gargoyles contain some of the earliest sign of a quest"-genre series . jewel riders also greatly inspire the avalon series of book . feel the magic of the jewel rider neowide
61 synopsis the show s action be set in what be traditionally king arthur\s rest place in the legend the island of avalon here portray as a fairy tale utopia that keep its magical energy in check with the aid of the royal crown jewels . the plot follow the quest of avalon s princess to recover a series of enchant gemstone jewel and restore harmony in magic . there be a special emphasis on the power of friendship which enable the titular jewel riders the three young defender of avalon and champion of goodness to overcome their adversary . in the american version the title character share she name with arthur s wife guinevere the other arthurian character in the show include merlin morgan le fay morgana and the episodical appearance of lady of the lake .
67 storyfirst season the grand wizard merlin mentor young princess gwenevere name starla outside the united states voice by kerry butler and she friend tamara and fallon for the day that they will inevitably find a special friend to share the power of their own themed enchanted jewels with . gwen with the power of the sun stone fallon with the power of the moon stone tamara s jewel be the heart stone allow she to communicate with she animal friend who each share a similar stone as part of their neck collar . the teenage gwen be the last to find such a special animal a winged unicorn know as sunstar and thus they fulfill their destiny and become the jewel riders magical guardian of avalon for generation . however vicious lady kale corinne orr queen anya s jealous and vindicative sister who be once deny the sun stone and the throne be plot to conquer avalon and use its magic for evil .
30 avalon s fate now rest with the jewel riders the latest incarnation of which consist of princess gwenevere and she best friend . each of they have she own enchanted jewel which enable they to wear jewel armor and travel safely through the dangerous dimension of wild magic . once the magical bond of the crown jewels be break the wild magic flow out of control cause magical outbreak until the jewel be all bring together again . retrieve they be also the only way the jewel riders can recover merlin from his prison inside the wild magic .
71 avalon s fate now rest with the jewel riders the latest incarnation of which consist of princess gwenevere and she best friend . each of they have she own enchanted jewel which enable they to wear jewel armor and travel safely through the dangerous dimension of wild magic . once the magical bond of the crown jewels be break the wild magic flow out of control cause magical outbreak until the jewel be all bring together again . retrieve they be also the only way the jewel riders can recover merlin from his prison inside the wild magic . along the way they must contend with kale who intend to instead entune the magic of crown jewels to herself and gain enough power to bring down anya and become the queen .
80 along the way they must contend with kale who intend to instead entune the magic of crown jewels to herself and gain enough power to bring down anya and become the queen . the riders be often assist by a trio of brave wolf-riding warrior know as the pack who all use the power of the forest stones . use the magic of the enchanted jewels to speak with fantastic animal friend these adventurous teens team up to reclaim the jewel that can save the kingdom .
96 for the first thirteen episode the primary storyline be the jewel riders quest of find and secure the crown jewels before kale use their power to gain control over all the magic of avalon and destroy merlin . the crown jewels include jewel of the north woods find in the ravenwood jewel of the dreamfield rainbow jewel find inside the rainbow falls burning ice jewel find in the tower of glog at the wizard s peak desert star jewel recover in the great desert and faeryland misty rose jewel find in the misty moors and the jewel of the jungle find in morgana s hidden lair . at the dramatic finale of the first season lady kale be defeat and the jewel riders entune the power of the recover crown jewels to their own . however in do so they squander any chance of free merlin for the time be leave the series as yet unresolved .
28 soon the jewel riders come face-to-face with morgana and realize that they be deal with a very powerful new enemy . the seven wizard jewels be the one jewel merlin’s wizard jewel and the red orb on his staff the garden jewel shape like a flower the unicorn jewel shape like a unicorn s horn the jewel of the sea shape like a seashell the time stone shape like a hourglass the jewel of arden shape like a leaf the fortune jewel shape like a top and the dark stone . the riders be now try to capture these jewel before morgana can take they and use they to free the grand wizards and return to complete she conquest of avalon . during one she adventure gwen meet a mysterious man call ian who eventually save the day during the final battle and fall in love with he .
31 soon the jewel riders come face-to-face with morgana and realize that they be deal with a very powerful new enemy . the seven wizard jewels be the one jewel merlin’s wizard jewel and the red orb on his staff the garden jewel shape like a flower the unicorn jewel shape like a unicorn s horn the jewel of the sea shape like a seashell the time stone shape like a hourglass the jewel of arden shape like a leaf the fortune jewel shape like a top and the dark stone . the riders be now try to capture these jewel before morgana can take they and use they to free the grand wizards and return to complete she conquest of avalon . during one she adventure gwen meet a mysterious man call ian who eventually save the day during the final battle and fall in love with he .
99 soon the jewel riders come face-to-face with morgana and realize that they be deal with a very powerful new enemy . the seven wizard jewels be the one jewel merlin’s wizard jewel and the red orb on his staff the garden jewel shape like a flower the unicorn jewel shape like a unicorn s horn the jewel of the sea shape like a seashell the time stone shape like a hourglass the jewel of arden shape like a leaf the fortune jewel shape like a top and the dark stone . the riders be now try to capture these jewel before morgana can take they and use they to free the grand wizards and return to complete she conquest of avalon . during one she adventure gwen meet a mysterious man call ian who eventually save the day during the final battle and fall in love with he . in the series conclusion the riders manage to defeat kale again and win over morgana in a test of skill and wit .
85 episode main article list of jewel riders episodesbroadcast and releasestelevision broadcast jewel riders be air outside the u.s. in canada on ytv in estonia on tv 1 as printsess starla in france on france 3 as princesse starla et les joyaux magique in germany on orf 1 and rtl 2 as starla und die kristallretter in italy on italia 1 as starla e le sette gemme del mistero in norway as prinsesse starla og juvelridderne in philippines on gma network as starla at ang mga jewel rider in poland on rtl 7 as starla i jeźdźcy in portugal on sic and canal panda as starla e as jóias encantadas in russia as Принцесса Старла и повелители камней in serbia as Старла и небески јахачи in spain under the title of la princesa starla tve1 and starla i les amazones de les joies catalonian language tv3 in sweden on canal+ filmnet and tv 3 as starla och juvelriddarna and in united kingdom on gmtv in early 1990 and re-run on pop girl in 2009 both under the starla... title .
80 they announce plan to release the first two volume in late 2006 and to release subsequent volume over the course of the next year . the first and as of 2009 the only dvd release by digiview be wizard s peak contain the first five episode of the show and available in the wal-mart store . though it say princess gwenevere and the jewel riders on the cover the actual show on the dvd be the international version starla the jewel rider which use gwenevere s european name starla both in the theme song and in the main dialogue . in addition in the case of both the cover and the show itself the european-style font be use in the logo . the disc also appear to be region-free .
16 external links princess gwenevere and the jewel riders at the internet movie database starla and the jewel rider bkn princess gwenevere and the jewel rider synctv princess gwenevere and the jewel rider livejournal
21 princess gwenevere and the jewel riders at the internet movie database starla and the jewel rider bkn princess gwenevere and the jewel rider synctv princess gwenevere and the jewel rider livejournal
17 starla and the jewel rider bkn princess gwenevere and the jewel rider synctv princess gwenevere and the jewel rider livejournal
48 the blood of the young sang gre who have etherian blood through cassiopea be the key to resurrect the etherian who be re-embody in the present . the bathaluman tell the herans that they have return to destroy the sang gre . they have return to steal the jewel of the element that defeat they thousand of year ago . she have defeat by amihan in the last battle .
40 the king of samangan invite rostam to stay for the night and rostam accept . that night tahmineh come to rostam s bedchamber and declare she love for he . rostam sleep with tahmineh that night and give she a jewel from the band around his arm . upon find his horse he leave the city of samangan the next day .
11 in the final battle when rostam kill sohrab he discover the jewel realize that sohrab be his son .
43 the packaging be create both to be less expensive and to be more eco-friendly . citation need however in response to criticism regard its somewhat fragile design the snap case have be largely replace by the keep case for dvd and the cd jewel case which come well before and have last long since the snap case .
41 indiatimes . . she be spot in a ramp competition in nls bangalore . over the year she have model for such indian brand name as liril dabur lal powder close-up toothpaste and limca and have be brand ambassador for the jewel of india retail jewelery show . deepika be the jewel the cosmetic company maybelline make she its international spokesperson . “ i be here to stay ”
48 she be spot in a ramp competition in nls bangalore . over the year she have model for such indian brand name as liril dabur lal powder close-up toothpaste and limca and have be brand ambassador for the jewel of india retail jewelery show . deepika be the jewel the cosmetic company maybelline make she its international spokesperson . “ i be here to stay ”
66 follow the 2006 season the press box be remove to make way for a new square-foot m 2 stadium complex . the complex house state-of-the-art strength and conditioning and athletic training facility to benefit all 20 of appalachian’s varsity sport as well as extensive locker room academic office and meeting space for asu student-athlete coach and administrator . however the most visible element of the crown jewel of asu athletics $ 50 million facility enhancement campaign be the addition of premium seating on the stadium’s west side in the way of 18 luxury suite 500 club seat and spacious yosef club and chancellor s box area . an additional 4,400 seat be add to the east side stand prior to the 2008 season which bring the total seating capacity to 20,150 . the addition of the new seat be complete in time for the home opener against jacksonville on september 6 2008 .
89 mattōkujira まっとうくじら these whale name be a play on makkōkujira マッコウクジラ the japanese name for the sperm whale and appear above certain water surface in level 2. challenger s life gauge refill while they appear on screen and they can also be kill off with the throw knife for 400 bonus point they be resurrect if the player scroll away from the area . they be treat as enemy character in the game s memory and count towards the kill count need to obtain the power sword and power jewel item . for difficulty setting below 2 the only enemy that appear on level 2 be the invincible fireball so the only way to obtain the item be to continue kill the whale . a hover whale can also appear in level 2 and kill this whale awards the player an extra life .
7 power-up item a power sword or power jewel appear in level 2 if the player kill 4 enemy in a row without miss with a knife shot . challenger can obtain the item by hit it with a knife but he will receive damage if he come in direct contact with the item . obtain the power sword cause challenger s sprite color to change for a short period of time during which his walk speed increase and he gain the ability to kill any of the enemy on the screen with his throw knife .
71 challenger can obtain the item by hit it with a knife but he will receive damage if he come in direct contact with the item . obtain the power sword cause challenger s sprite color to change for a short period of time during which his walk speed increase and he gain the ability to kill any of the enemy on the screen with his throw knife . obtain the power jewel cause all of the enemy on the screen to die instantaneously . the skeleton enemy that guard the entrance to level 3 and 4 be impervious to throw knife so either one of the power-up item must be obtain in order to advance to the next level . like the mattōkujira the power-up item also cause the player s life gauge to refill as long as they remain visible on screen .
4 • one love feat jewel ff recording 12 2007
35 pub pub on front for saving game for later play . travel agent lightning bolt to purchase passage from any one port to another . bazaar 4 pillar for buy and sell precious metal and jewel .
13 czech royal crown crown of saint wenceslas be the part of czech crown jewel also call czech treasure make in 1347 . the eleventh king of bohemia from the house of luxembourg and holy roman emperor charles iv have it make for his coronation and forthwith he dedicate it to the first patron saint of the country st . wenceslas and bequeath it as a state crown for the coronation of future czech king his successor to the czech throne . on the order of charles iv the new royal crown be to be permanently deposit in st . vitus cathedral in prague castle .
0 jewel the st . wenceslas crown be wrought of extremely pure gold 21 to 22 carat 88 to 92 % decorate with precious stone and pearl . it contain a total of 19 sapphire 44 spinel 1 ruby 30 emerald and 20 pearl .
21 location unlike many other european royal treasure st . wenceslas crown be not display publicly . along with other czech crown jewel it be be keep in a chamber within the st . vitus cathedral accessible by the door in its st . wenceslas chapel . exact location of the chamber be not know to general public . the entrance to the jewels be lock by seven lock whose key be hold by the president of czech republic chairman of both chamber of the parliament the prime minister mayor of prague archbishop of prague and the dean of vyšehrad capitule .
56 exact location of the chamber be not know to general public . the entrance to the jewels be lock by seven lock whose key be hold by the president of czech republic chairman of both chamber of the parliament the prime minister mayor of prague archbishop of prague and the dean of vyšehrad capitule . the jewel be only take from the chamber and display for period of several day on notable occasion approximately once a decade . last such occasion be in april 2008 commemorate 90th anniversary of czechoslovak independence .
39 iceland s bell orig . icelandic Íslandsklukkan be a historical novel by nobel prize-winning icelandic author halldór kiljan laxness . it be publish in three part in the period between 1943 and 1946 iceland s bell 1943 the bright jewel 1944 and fire in copenhagen 1946 . the novel take place in the 18th century mostly in iceland and denmark .
4 part 2 the bright jewel snæfríður Íslandssól literally beautiful as snow sun of iceland be the main protagonist in the second part . she be in love with a collector of manuscript name arnas arnaeus but be marry to a drunkard .
10 robert harold ogle be one the commonly refer to as jewel of alpha phi alpha fraternity at cornell university in 1906 . he propose the fraternity’s color and be alpha chapter’s first secretary . ogle join george kelley in work out the first ritual and later become a charter member of washington d.c.’s mu lambda chapter .
16 eugene kinckle jones july 30 1885 january 11 1954 be one the commonly refer to as jewel of alpha phi alpha fraternity at cornell university in 1906 . jones become alpha chapter’s second president and co-author the fraternity name with henry callis .
16 video and soundtrack release the soundtrack be release in two version a single-disc version in a jewel case and a limited-edition double-disc box set version . the double-disc version be market as a special deluxe edition and include a bright red slipcase embossed to look like leather with gold lettering . the slipcase be seven and three-fourths inch tall one and three-fourths inch deep and five and three-fourt inch wide .
28 in 1222 count henry of schwerin have return from a crusade with the reliquary of the holy blood an alleged drop of christ s blood contain in a jewel . this be place in the cathedral and cause it to become a place of pilgrimage .
13 on their way to the station however the new recruit inadvertently assist some jewel thief into their getaway car . not exactly what you d call an auspicious start . the new constable be self proclaimed intellectual pc timothy benson ladies man pc tom potter and pc charles constable who be extremely superstitious .
71 meanwhile in atlantic city an optometrist vinnie di ruzzio be visit by his legally blind sister rita la porta . rita reveal to she brother that she have accidentally murder she lover while not wear she glass that the six million dollar in diamond she and she lover have embezzle from she gangster husband be go that she lover be harry s uncle anthony and that the heart-shaped box full of jewel be now en route to monte carlo rita also reveal to she shocked brother that she have blame the embezzlement on vinnie and there be now a hit out for he . together they embark for monte carlo to find harry and retrieve the money before rita s mafioso husband do something nasty .
82 at this point in she life kim be shorter and slimmer than she present-day self and minus a bust line but with the addition of brace which be the reason bonnie call she tinsel teeth . she be always show with she hair in a ponytail and she bang to the side . she clothes consist of a purple long sleeve shirt darker purple shorts match shoe with a white sole on the bottom and a black choker with a round yellow jewel .
66 the same evening marcus annie and their crew have plan a quick robbery . though the typical plan be for two of their friend to rob a place while marcus steal the getaway car annie impulsively decide to rob a jewelry store across the street from where marcus be steal a car . after evade the police marcus try to reprimand she and later steal the jewel for himself but annie keep they and defiantly push he to try and stop she . believe annie to be out of control he want to take action but annie know that he be on parole and enjoy taunt he .
50 gameplay the player control gerald which can take the form of an upturned pyramid gyroscope and ball the player can transform between the three to vary the physical characteristic of gerald around a series of link isometric screen . the goal of the game be to collect all of the jewel find throughout the game in the allot time and at the same time explore all the screen . many of the screen have puzzle that need to be solve in order to obtain certain jewel and reach certain part of the maze . the collection of a jewel be reward with a small increase in the time limit .
84 the player control gerald which can take the form of an upturned pyramid gyroscope and ball the player can transform between the three to vary the physical characteristic of gerald around a series of link isometric screen . the goal of the game be to collect all of the jewel find throughout the game in the allot time and at the same time explore all the screen . many of the screen have puzzle that need to be solve in order to obtain certain jewel and reach certain part of the maze . the collection of a jewel be reward with a small increase in the time limit . if the player fall off the play area into space or too far result in the destruction of gerald then they be dock some of their remain time and gerald be transport back to where it fall from .
59 the goal of the game be to collect all of the jewel find throughout the game in the allot time and at the same time explore all the screen . many of the screen have puzzle that need to be solve in order to obtain certain jewel and reach certain part of the maze . the collection of a jewel be reward with a small increase in the time limit . if the player fall off the play area into space or too far result in the destruction of gerald then they be dock some of their remain time and gerald be transport back to where it fall from . once the player’s time run out the game be over .
28 the puzzle to be find in spindizzy vary and be all base around negotiate the isometric world the gerald find itself in sometimes in order to reach certain jewel . some be simplistic maze that need to be negotiate . other require a great deal of care and fast reflex from the player in guide gerald over precarious drop sometimes on slanted platform .
13 biography bear in padua stampa s father bartolomeo originally from milan be a jewel and gold merchant in padua . when stampa be eight she father die and she mother cecilia move to venice with she child gaspara cassandra and baldassarre whom she educate to literature music history and painting . gaspara and cassandra excel at sing and play the lute possibly due to training by tuttovale menon .
7 hearts of 19 song of the prince jewel in the palace the legend hello
66 inside theme range from an arabic-style coffee shop to a florentine palace ballroom . a meeting room for businessman s club offer a touch of old spain while the english room use old wood paneling influence by a room in bromley castle england . the georgian room be decorate in adamesque style but the shakespeare room with mural paint by local artist leconte stewart be the jewel of the hotel .
14 the credit feature the character act up in front of the camera with the jewel of the ring be place in front of the lens . the music playing during the credit be the overture of the barber of seville by gioachino rossini with the beatles add their own laughing and comment .
16 that say accord to cologne akane confess she true feeling under the influence of the reversal jewel . that she love ranma with all she heart more than anyone in the world and be sorry for be so angry .
62 swiss company eta sa part of the swatch group make seven different automatic quartz movement call they autoquartz . they be part of the premium flatline series of movement and be sell to a variety of watch vendor primarily european and american . high grade movement design to last as long as their premium mechanical movement they have between 15 to 53 jewel . unlike most quartz watch autoquartz could be calibrate to increase their accuracy . several vendor have their autoquartz watch cosc certify .
40 205.111 discontinue and replace by the 205.911 which upgrade from a capacitor to a rechargeable battery 205.711 15 jeweled movement use only by swatch watch for a variety of its fashion watch 205.911 the most commonly available movement have 17 jewel and often order in gold plating 205.914 no information available from eta 205.961 a 205.911 with the addition of a gmt hand
26 205.961 a 205.911 with the addition of a gmt hand 206.211 a 205.911 fit with a dubois depraz 2021 to make a chronograph . with 53 jewel the most jeweled quartz movement ever make
45 sony pictures entertainment release the three region 2 dvd compilation from may 26 2004 to december 22 2004 . on december 1 2004 the soundtrack to the ova be release by wint . it contain eighteen track by yuki kajiura include the main theme music jewel 宝石 hōseki . cd japan . . later release as a single on august 11 2004 hōseki be sing by marina inoue .
30 this be also the building in which chandler bing be suppose to work in the sitcom friend . namesake of the nine west shoe store chain . in superman a jewel thief be apprehend by superman while scale the side of the building while wear suction cup on his hand and knee film the catburglar and officer mooney at 9 west 57th . street s solow building . . featured in the film zoolander with a giant computer generate m which serve as mugatu s fashion headquarters .
85 feintuch become an important internal connection for the comintern and profintern he establish contact with the comintern envoy to france eugen fried and be one in the party section charge with send weapun and supplies to the republicans during the spanish civil war . after the crush of the spanish popular front in 1939 mikhaël feintuch and the section be direct towards organize the transit of ten of thousand of former fighter and other refugee into france while very likely engaging in the trafficking of jewel and gold .
0 jewel a tritovian presumably a non-human life form who spend most of the story in a passive crystallized form . jewel be also the narrator of the tale .
20 jewel a tritovian presumably a non-human life form who spend most of the story in a passive crystallized form . jewel be also the narrator of the tale .
73 it grow from strength to strength over the 19th and first half of the 20th century . locally know as wilson s hotel it be also know as auckland hotel and the hall of nations in the 19th century and be refer to as the japani hotel japanese hotel colloquially in the 20th century due to the large number of japanese tourist there . the hotel be extremely elite refer to as the jewel of the east and the best hotel east of the suez by mark twain on his voyage along the equator and describe by rudyard kipling in the city of dreadful night . it have notable board member like the author parry chand mitter and stockholder like w. c. bonnerjee president of the indian national congress . the hotel be famous for its new year party throw by maharaja like the maharajah of cooch behar uptil the 1950s .
38 a series of animated element contrast the serene and regular buddha . his head be surround by a flame halo in which be seat the seven buddhas of the past previous incarnation of buddhahood precede shaka . a jewel of flame on an inverted lotus blossom represent the wisdom of the buddha appear above the shaka s head and its leafed vine encircle the buddha s head .
5 the emerald cockroach wasp or jewel wasp ampulex compressa be a solitary wasp of the family ampulicidae . it be know for its unusual reproductive behavior which involve disable a live cockroach and use it as a host for its larva . it thus belong to the entomophagous parasite .
15 the earlier miniature painter also draw in this manner notably hilliard in prepare design for jewel and seal and isaac and peter oliver in portrait . the later man hone grimaldi lens and downman also draw finely in plumbago . other notable exponent of this delightful art be thomas worlidge 1700-1766 f. steele c .
91 inside the packaging be the following item stack from top to bottom in this order a single sided poster the information booklet the same that be include in the regular release disc 1 a coaster with the black box logo on it disc 2 a black box patch disc 3 and a postcard you could mail in for a free catalogue from wax trax tvt. all of this sit on a bedding of 69 foot of audio tape outtake . each of the three cd come in their own opaque black jewel case that have no printing on it .
9 xiurhn s soul be contain in a large tempting jewel . those unscrupulous enough to steal it suffer the fate of have their own soul place into jewel . xiurhn then carve off those part to his own liking transform they into archetype of what be leave over .
27 xiurhn s soul be contain in a large tempting jewel . those unscrupulous enough to steal it suffer the fate of have their own soul place into jewel . xiurhn then carve off those part to his own liking transform they into archetype of what be leave over .
54 however he be foil in this attempt by the pandyan king carry they away and leave in the safe custody of the lankan king . towards the end of his reign parantaka try to capture they by invade lanka . mahavamsa record that the lankan king udaya iv take the pandya crown and the jewel and hide himself in the rohana hill . parantaka’s army have to return empty hand .
44 parantaka i bear numerous epithet viranarayana virakirti vira-chola vikrama-chola irumadi-sola chola with two crown allude to the chola and the pandya kingdom devendran lord of the god chakravartin the emperor panditavatsalan fond of learned man kunjaramallan the wrestler with elephant and surachulamani the crest jewel of the hero .
28 the nome king be the ruler of the nome kingdom locate in the deadly desert . the nome be immortal rock fairy who dwell underground . they hide jewel and precious metal in the earth and resent the upstairs people who dig down for those valuable . he have try to conquer all of oz before to gain control of the emerald city but have thus far fail due to the warm climate of the desert and the strong sun light which exhaust all of the nomes . the nome king be of very short stature and try to make up for it by prove to everyone how big of a ruler he be he dry out the whole sea until there be only a big desert leave because it make he feel small and he kidnap the prince of ev.
49 and thus after thousand of year when ehden be the sole home of zghartian it become basically a summer resort . nevertheless the importance of the history of ehden remain as all zghartian be proud of its humanitarian economic and historical role . it remain in their view the jewel of lebanon and its protective sword which be always alert and ready to guard it in face of any danger .
59 during the overhauling of the ancient parish church several raise tomb and ancient grave stand in the interior weere disturb with several skull raise out all with silk cap upon they none of which could be remove due to the passage of time . along with this be discover in the grvae a number of gold ring and other jewel supposs to have be wear by nun and bury with their remains in the body of the church . also find in one of the grave be an ancient book that have become quite deface by time and damp... .
5 jaal 1967 cid 909 1967 jewel thief 1967 hare kanch ki chooriyan 1967 shikaar 1968
96 by 1912 production reach 3,200 kg 7,100 lb and would go on to reach 200,000 kg 440,000 lb in 1980 and 250,000 kg 550,000 lb in 2000 lead by hrand djevahirdjian s factory in monthey switzerland found in 1914 . the most notable improvement in the process be make in 1932 by s. k. popov who help establish the capability for produce high-quality sapphire in the soviet union through the next 20 year . a large production capability be also establish in the united states during world war ii when european source be not available and jewel be in high demand for their military application .
42 the neamţ monastery romanian mănăstirea neamţ be a romanian orthodox religious settlement one of the oldest and most important of its kind in romania . it be build in 14th century and it be an example of medieval moldavian architecture . a jewel of 15th century architecture the church be build by Ştefan cel mare and finish in the year when the moldavian army win the battle against king john albert 1497 .
18 despite the surprisingly soft rating of teen for animate violence and blood the back of the game s jewel case contain an additional disclaimer which read as follow warning this game contain satanic reference and may be inappropriate for some individual . all later deception title although no longer about service in satan s name receive rating of mature .
24 jewel the nymph jewel be a main character in the second xanth book the source of magic . she be a nymph who plant jewel all around the land of xanth the wife of crombie the soldier and mother of tandy the nymph . in the source of magic bink of north village be trick into drinking from a love spring whose water make the victim fall in love with whomever/whatever they see next and be the means whereby many cross-breed individual and race of xanth such as the centaurs be create . jewel be the first person bink see so he instantly fall in love with she .
75 she be a nymph who plant jewel all around the land of xanth the wife of crombie the soldier and mother of tandy the nymph . in the source of magic bink of north village be trick into drinking from a love spring whose water make the victim fall in love with whomever/whatever they see next and be the means whereby many cross-breed individual and race of xanth such as the centaurs be create . jewel be the first person bink see so he instantly fall in love with she . the problem be bink be already marry to chameleon . bink be cure of this love during the time of no magic when the spell like all other fail .
56 in 1999 have be swindle out of several million franc in a business venture mercier have serious financial problem . she even plan to sell the famous wedding gown of angélique . the actress confess in nice matin i be ruin i will be oblige to sell part of my painting my furniture my property my jewel and the costume of angélique . in 2002 at the cannes film festival she present she second book of memoirs . mercier be make a chevalier dans l'ordre des arts et des lettres on the 6th of march 2006 .
39 sadly he turn out to be alcoholic who be eventually hospitalize . they divorce in 1965 . after a long relationship she marry the well-known racing driver claude bourillot in 1970 but he disappear one day with all she jewel and money leave she penniless . they divorce in 1976 . she other relationship be also uniformly disastrous .
30 realm verenestra travels with the seelie court . she have she own bower there with silver birch larch plane tree and fringe of willow decorate with live silver filigree and jewel with many mirror inside for the goddess to gaze at herself in .
14 album cover the album be release in two different sleeve one in a standard jewel case the other in a much bulkier one-piece box with the cover image the wife of the artist emboss in the case material .
10 cut and polish a gemstone can be use as a jewel when cut and polish . only a fraction of the lake superior agate be of the quality need for lapidary . three lapidary technique be use on lake superior agate
44 on 27 dec 1530 hundred of citizen storm st mary s and destroy every statue and tear the choir stall to piece . the richly gilt 17 altar be strip of anything of value and smash . vestments and altar equipment be strip of jewel and gold reliquary be break open and the contents destroy . even the name st mary s become vor frue kirke our lady s church in a desire to keep the historic reference to mary without the use of the un-lutheran saint appellation . just a year later our lady church celebrate the acceptance of the lutheran order preside over by johan bugenhagen an associate of martin luther .
13 train and sven resume sweeper work along with eve . after capture two jewel thief they be meet by a member of the chrono numbers chrono elite assassin group of which train be originally a member of . after reveal himself to be no. ii he deliver a video letter to train .
14 references/external links over art online biography of kadri mälk fata morgana the exhibition of jewel by kadri mälk in lisbon klimt 02 interview with kadri mälk
3 television movie 2001 jewel 2003 shatter city the halifax explosion cbc
36 she then reveal that she could never change from she orca form again and that she will continue she villainous way . she swim away before batman could apprehend she . it be reveal that the jewel be then sell to its original owner and that the money be use to build a new recreation center near the aquarium as well as to ...gentrify a derelict waterfront tenement . follow she first encounter with batman orca be not see again until she appear as a prisoner in the slab during the joker’s last laugh riot . she be able to escape during the riot with king shark .
38 inside baal and his people find a wound kang and nurse he back to health . when kang recover he run away and become pharaoh of egypt as rama tut . he return with soldier to reclaim his jewel which the sandstormers have steal . the sandstormers do not reveal where it be and many of baal s man be massacre .
1 the jewel the eye of the ages give its holder glimpse into the future and baal saw in it a man who would defeat he this man be en sabah nur . the sandstormers raid village after village in search for nur and finally find he leave to die on an altar of stone . many of the sandstormers wish to slay the baby think it a demon .
14 book author sumner have now publish a total of 38 book include his latest jewel from james a 15-chapter 317-page expository and evangelistic commentary about the book of james in the new testament . he be also the official biographer of john r. rice . as of 2007 the biblical evangelist be send out for free to all that request it .
10 nesting habit . bird of beach and desert . winged jewel . clown of birddom . valuable bird .
41 and these be all of smooth texture . and they also give soft sheep-skin by thousand . and they also give many sharp and long sword and scimitar and hatchet and fine-edged battle-ax manufacture in the western country and perfume and jewel and gem of various kind by thousand . 2,50
58 p . 113 . isbn 978-2-9531781-0-4. véritable caricature ambulante ce personage était le plus fragile et sensible avait le trait fin le cheveux long des yeux de biche et la seule armure féminine du groupe avec un beau 95b en guise de plastron dans la version animée his chain weapon be regard as highly symbolic view as a jewel a feminine symbol change length and be supple or rigid at will a phallic symbol be use for defensive or for offensive purpose the sexual ambiguity and seme-uke dichotomy and the original myth of andromeda who be tie on a rock and offer as a sacrifice to calm a marine monster s wrath which be regard as sexual . kimbergt sébastien 2008 . editions h .
17 1968 iron ruler disqualify from first to second 1962 sunrise count disqualify from first to third 1958 jewel s reward disqualify from first to second
71 “the chop chop from milk to meat” be both an invitation and an exhortation from the grammy gma dove and stellar nominate artist to rally those who be hungry for truth and determine to mature . “the current trend in our culture—and sadly in the church—is to ‘dumb down ’ almost everything . some thing require a little more intensity commitment and grind and our faith be certainly one of those jewel ” citation need state the ambassador .
79 with the 2004 purchase of the largest hungarian jewellery retailer orex – likewise a tradition mind company that will continue to operate under its own name – the dorotheum be well prepare to expand its jewellery business into the international market . in addition the dorotheum vienna house austria s most modern state-of-the-art jewellery lab and the only one in the country equip with a diamond sure use to distinguish natural and artificial diamond . aside from examine the jewel destine for auction the jewellery lab also provide certificate of authenticity and quality and offer valuation at every level .
60 from there they could see the manasa lake . there they stay for 30 day and proceed to the kingdom of suvahu the king of kiratas by follow the same track by which they have come . and cross the difficult himalayan region and the country of china tukhara darada and all the clime of kulinda rich in heap of jewel those warlike man reach the capital of suvahu . then they go to the mountain from which yamuna fall into the plain . there they see the forest name visakhayupa which be like the chitraratha forest in the place where the ganga fall into the plain .
70 jean d’ailleboust write a detailed pamphlet in 1582 complete with illustration about the case which become an instant best seller . ambroise paré feature the infant in his book des monstre et prodige and reveal that the child be sell to m. prestesiegle a wealthy merchant in the 1590’s . he sell it to a goldsmith name m. carteron who in turn sell it in 1628 to m. bodey a jewel merchant complete with a sort of certificate of authenticity . in 1653 the stone-child come into the possession of king frederick iii as well as a handwritten copy of the d’ailleboust paper . by this point the child be heavily damage with both arm break and the marble-like skin wear off in place .
1 norwegian jewel be a cruise ship operate by norwegian cruise line .
49 she be construct at meyer werft shipyard in papenburg germany and be christen on november 3 2005 at an official ceremony at the port of miami . she godmother be melania trump spouse of donald trump . melania trump christen world s largest most luxurious gem ncl s norwegian jewel
1 norwegian jewel be precede at ncl by two libra class ship norwegian star which enter service in 2001 and norwegian dawn which enter service in 2002 . although the libra class ship have a similar exterior appearance to the jewel class there be significant interior and amenity difference that merit their different class designation . cruise travel .
3 current cruise norwegian jewel currently spend the spring-summer month may-september cruise europe on a variety of itinerary . the jewel also cruise canada/new england for a short period of time in the fall . in the spring and fall she currently sail various caribbean itinerary depart round-trip from miami .
2 ncl norwegian jewel meyer werft page on norwegian jewel cruisecritic.com
8 ncl norwegian jewel meyer werft page on norwegian jewel cruisecritic.com review
0 jewel it kennedy madison chelsea delancey .
105 while this may enable the army to distract they it have the unfortunate side-effect of draw they to tokyo japan s capital city and the largest source of electromagnetism in the nation and still leave the massive queen to deal with . the military know it need gamera s help to defeat the titanic insect and so miss honami bring in the one person who could possibly revive he asagi the young girl who bond with he during the gyaos attack one year ago . asagi visit the ruined city where gamera lie comatose and as she try to reach out to he the mystical jewel that enable their bond shatter . fire surge from all over town and regenerate gamera awaken he but at the sacrifice of his human connection .
30 pulse demon be a studio album by the japanese noise musician merzbow . the original press be release in a double-fold digipak while it be later re-release in a normal jewel case .
19 naga region lay extend many yojana on all side . it be equip with many golden wall deck with jewel and gem . there be many fine tank of water furnish with flight of stair-case make of pure crystal and many river of clear and transparent water . there be many tree with diverse species of bird perch on they .
15 # sweet vibration electro house mix # words of the mind brandnew journey # blue jewel # romance train # come together original
24 at mari in the mianwali tahsil there be a picturesque hindu ruin crown the gypsum hill locally call maniot from manikot mean fort of jewel on which the kalabagh diamond be find . the ruin themselves must once have be extensive . it appear that the very top of the hill be build over with a large palace or fort .
62 in the episode the one that get away he be supposedly send to the future or an alternate universe and be swallow by a mutant tentacled creature . he slay it from the inside state he be go 60 year . when roger ask he where he go he merely state that he be their king now and be sit in a jewel cover grail a parody of narnia .
17 plot bernice meet the time lord irving braxiatel and soon become involve in the hunt for a jewel thief who be after a rare artefact .
25 the tiara be unique up to the nature of its decoration which involve three crown contain outstanding large clover shape in gold lay with heavy jewel .
24 some version feature only a cd. in these case the album feature mayer on the cover . when the album be package with a jewel casing the inside cover be all white with the continuum logo print very faintly onto it . the basic cd be white with off-white letter that slide into a slipcase of a deep gray with lettering in light gray and blue/green . during the pre-order it appear as though there would be a different variation of say artwork on a special edition version and it turn out that the special packaging be a shiny silver bag which hold inside it the cd and the pre-order bonus .
55 vishneva s repertoire include don quixote romeo and juliet la bayadère sleep beauty swan lake and giselle . she also perform the work of modern choreographer especially those of george balanchine william forsythe and roland petit . she have enjoy critical acclaim for she interpretation of ruby the second movement of balanchine s evening-length ballet jewel giselle and kenneth macmillan s manon . she partner have include such well-known dancer as angel corella and vladimir malakhov.
33 durkin have earn fame in this decade from call the u.s. triple crown race for nbc which take over the coverage of the event in 2001 and have air two of the three jewel since 2006—the kentucky derby and preakness stakes . when the race begin durkin will speak with high energy and then tone down as the race progress and then build back up to a significant level of excitement as the horse enter the final turn . he tend to begin race by comment on the horse that have break well and then mention his opinion of the early pace .
70 she long involvement even while travel be show by she correspondence still reside in the nassau county red cross archive . when the red cross recently bring she fifty year service pin to sagamore hill they have to correct themselves it be not fifty year of service it be sixty . when it come time to have she portrait paint she do not choose to wear an evening gown and jewel she wear she red cross uniform .
18 the titular character inuyasha be a half-demon who lead one of several compete group in search of the jewel of four souls or shikon jewel a magical artifact that greatly enhance supernatural power even in fragmentary form . he be aid in his quest by kagome higurashi a girl from 20th-century tokyo who be the reincarnation of kikyo a powerful miko entangle by inuyasha s tragic past . their enemy naraku instigate the original conflict between inuyasha and kikyo and continue to manipulate many other character throughout the series .
75 kagome higurashi 日暮 かごめ higurashi kagome be one of the main protagonist of the series . bear in modern japan as the reincarnation of the priestess kikyo kagome have the shikon jewel unknowingly hidden inside she body until 1997 when a demon pull she into the bone eater s well and 500 year back through time . they emerge in the feudal era about 50 year after kikyo s death where the demon extract the jewel from kagome . takahashi rumiko 1998 . viz media .
11 viz media . isbn 1-56931-262-1 . when another demon seize the jewel kagome shoot it with a bow and arrow
5 while try to protect the jewel use a bow and arrow she accidentally shatter it into numerous shard that disperse throughout the country . she agree to help find they as she can sense the presence of nearby shard . as the series progress she fall in love with inuyasha and find herself compete with the revive kikyo for his affection .
43 she agree to help find they as she can sense the presence of nearby shard . as the series progress she fall in love with inuyasha and find herself compete with the revive kikyo for his affection . during the search for the jewel kagome s own spiritual power and archery skill continue to improve . at the end of the series kagome return to she own time for three year . she be then able to return to the feudal era where she and inuyasha acknowledge their love for one another and she choose to remain there with he .
32 antagonistskikyo kikyo 桔梗 kikyō be a powerful shrine maiden or miko who be give the task of guard the shikon jewel . she fall in love with inuyasha and consider use the jewel to turn he from a half-demon into a full human this would cause the shikon jewel to vanish allow she to live as an ordinary woman by his side . however naraku disguise himself as inuyasha to attack she village mortally wound she . with she last strength kikyo shoot a charmed arrow into the real inuyasha to seal he to a sacred tree then order the shikon jewel to be burn with she on she funeral pyre .
50 however naraku disguise himself as inuyasha to attack she village mortally wound she . with she last strength kikyo shoot a charmed arrow into the real inuyasha to seal he to a sacred tree then order the shikon jewel to be burn with she on she funeral pyre . the jewel disappear and be apparently destroy but be reborn 500 year later in the body of kagome higurashi she spiritual reincarnation .
43 he terrorize yōkai-wolf tribe who be defenseless against his size and invulnerability . despite his massive size and fearsome look kyokotsu be human . kyokotsu be defeat when he hold koga too close to his face allow koga to pull out his shikon jewel shard and kill he instantly .
70 he and renkotsu fight koga together . in the manga he explode when koga stuff piece of renkotsu s armor into his cannon cause they to backfire . in the anime he survive this attack but go berserk when renkotsu receive a heavy wound to his left shoulder to save renkotsu ginkotsu fruitlessly unleash his entire arsenal at koga then self-destruct in an explosion while shield renkotsu with his own jewel shard .
63 after his resurrection bankotsu use banryu to kill everyone in the surround area . the scent of blood draw inuyasha s group to engage in battle until naraku summon the band of seven back to he . during the fight banryu be damage by inuyasha s wind scar attack but gain the ability to deflect that attack after bankotsu repair it with the jewel shard renkotsu steal from kagome . after learn that renkotsu murder jakotsu bankotsu kill renkotsu for his betrayal . with seven fragment in his body and two in his halberd bankotsu head off to destroy inuyasha .
13 hosenki hosenki 宝仙鬼 hōsenki be an oyster-demon who cultivate a variety of magical jewel . he create the black pearl in inuyasha s right eye that enable sesshomaru to travel to his father s grave and try to steal tetsusaiga the sword his father will to inuyasha . needing to return to the netherworld later in the series inuyasha s group seek out hosenki but learn that he have die and his namesake son cannot make the gem yet .
52 the chain s most famous store on leipziger platz in berlin be construct in 1896 . it feature 83 elevator and a glass-roofed atrium and be one of the three largest department store kaufhäuser in berlin the other be hermann tietz and kaufhaus des westens . brian ladd call it “the crown jewel of the main shopping street . the building be badly damage in wwii and fall in the no man s land betwewen east and west berlin after the division of the city . the ruin be demolish in the 1950 .
67 since the gold cup move to the present course it have be change into a timber race with a very large purse . every first saturday in may more than 50,000 spectator gather at great meadow near the plain virginia 45 mile west of washington dc . the mile 0 km grass course with foot 0 m high timber fence be often refer to as the crown jewel of steeplechasing .
28 xbox launch team the xbox launch team 2001 edition be a translucent green xbox that be sell not give to member of the xbox launch team . the jewel be silk screen with the message great work and signature from bill gates . only 60 of these be manufacture .
37 1up.com . . the console s special feature include a white case with the panzer dragoon orta logo on the top in the lower leave hand corner as well as some artwork from orta surround the xbox jewel . the panzer dragoon orta special edition be price at ¥35,800 $ 300 and could only be pre-order on november 1 2002 through sega direct . include with the special edition console be a match white controller s an xbox component a/v cable an xbox component av pack a copy of panzer dragoon orta with its soundtrack cd and a dragon head necklace .
66 on february 22 2004 a pure white limited xbox console be release in japan to commemorate the console s two-year anniversary in that country . the system have a limited manufacturing run of 1,000 unit and allow purchaser to personalize their console with up to twenty letter japanese character not allow engrave on the case . the word limited edition 2004 be also carve into the jewel of the console and into the exclusive controller s right below the xbox name . the original retail price for the pure white limited xbox be ¥19,800 yen $ 186 and be only available for purchase online at the official xbox japan website between the date of january 30 and february 6 2004 . include with the pure white console be a matching controller s a dvd playback kit and an xbox live starter kit with a free one-year membership and voice communicator .
61 halo special edition on march 14 2004 microsoft release a special version of the xbox in the united states australia and new zealand . this version be translucent green and come with a copy of halo combat evolved and a match translucent green controller s. the console case feature the halo logo and the word special edition the controller have a jewel that have the halo logo in place of the normal xbox logo . the version of halo that come with this bundle be identical to other version of halo with the exception of a not for resale notice place on the front of the game case . 200,000 of these xbox be produce .
70 on march 18 2005 an ice blue halo 2 limited edition xbox be release in canada and asia . the console be translucent blue and retail for approximately $ 249 . include with the ice blue console be a matching controller s a special halo green headset and a copy of halo 2. the difference between the asian and canadian halo 2 version can be see in the xbox s jewel . the asian version have a black jewel while the canadian version have a silver jewel . they be version 1.1 or 1.0
59 the console be translucent blue and retail for approximately $ 249 . include with the ice blue console be a matching controller s a special halo green headset and a copy of halo 2. the difference between the asian and canadian halo 2 version can be see in the xbox s jewel . the asian version have a black jewel while the canadian version have a silver jewel . they be version 1.1 or 1.0
67 the console be translucent blue and retail for approximately $ 249 . include with the ice blue console be a matching controller s a special halo green headset and a copy of halo 2. the difference between the asian and canadian halo 2 version can be see in the xbox s jewel . the asian version have a black jewel while the canadian version have a silver jewel . they be version 1.1 or 1.0
32 the sweepstakes span 5 month – from april to august – in 2004 . production number seem 5000 . the mountain dew limited edition xbox be neon-green colored and have a special jewel atop the xbox that have the word limited edition and the mt . dew logo under the xbox name . include with the neon green console be one of two game project gotham racing 2 or amp 2.
41 hulk/pepsi limited edition identical in colour to the mountain dew edition the hulk xbox be a special promotional xbox make to commemorate the release of the universal pictures movie hulk in 2003 for the uk release . the console featured a jewel on top with the promotional image of the incredible hulk s eye and the pepsi logo . these special edition be only available by have a win scratchcard when you purchase a popcorn and pepsi meal in participate uk uci multiplex cinema . this be most likely the rarest and least know of the limited edition xbox as few as 35 of these console may have exist .
84 it be a mechanical circus run by dr. badvibes as a cover-up for his plan to heist the gold depository by the order of big boss . he have not count on a tomboy name samantha to help longarm and hardtop permanently bring the curtain down on badvibes big top caper though . but a lousy payment from big boss force the bugman to resign only to have his precious swarm bugnapped by nightshade and buttons mcboomboom who use they to pull their own jewel heist . the bugman seek aid from mainframe and bowser and blitz who not only help he get his bug back they turn around and arrest the bugman as well . mirage on the other hand have a much different plan save the bridge and arrest berserko and his henchman in the process .
53 during she vaudeville year she also sing yiddish song like vu bistu yukel and bei mir bist du schoen . she play alongside menasha skulnik and leo fuchs in yiddish movie such as motl der opereytor and ikh vil zayn a mame . biodata she be also note for she eccentric outfit and jewel .
26 one feature of mister twister be that after ascend the first hill the rider be within the line of sight of another coaster lakeside s crown jewel cyclone .
10 intaquam 1969 ... indu sunghursh 1968 ... kundan s sister jewel thief 1967 ... neena uski kahani 1966 siyani tv
41 but the format be not well receive in the market . in 2004 salem buy the station and reinstate the breeze that same year . in november of 2006 khui switch format from hawaiian ac to adult standards know as the jewel . the jewel use the satellite-fed adult standard format from dial global formerly distribute by westwood one previously hear in the market from 1995 to 2001 on kumu-am 1500 .
33 in 2004 salem buy the station and reinstate the breeze that same year . in november of 2006 khui switch format from hawaiian ac to adult standards know as the jewel . the jewel use the satellite-fed adult standard format from dial global formerly distribute by westwood one previously hear in the market from 1995 to 2001 on kumu-am 1500 .
36 personal life hampton and brulatour take a honeymoon trip to egypt there a sheikh offer brulatour £10,000 british pound to buy his wife . brulatour smile at the sheikh and tell he that mrs. brulatour s jewel be worth more than that .
102 hardtop race forward to rescue she in time and embrace she as she faint from fear when she look down from the blimp to the city below . like hardtop at one time she too be afraid of height . as he be hold onto whitney hardtop see rock krusher charge forward to tackle they only to get catch by longarm s powercuff and place under arrest along with the rest of the crook except berserko who only get away with krusher s bag of food much to the disappointment of big boss who want his nephew to steal only cash and jewel not the food . turbo proceed to beat berserko up for another fail caper .
21 though of similar overall shape to the usual tiara the spanish tiara be different in that its decoration be primarily of jewel rather than of gold inset with jewel . its three crown bear striking similarity in term of design to standard tiara wear by woman give the tiara a distinctly feminine look . it contain 18,000 diamond pearl ruby emerald and sapphire .
28 though of similar overall shape to the usual tiara the spanish tiara be different in that its decoration be primarily of jewel rather than of gold inset with jewel . its three crown bear striking similarity in term of design to standard tiara wear by woman give the tiara a distinctly feminine look . it contain 18,000 diamond pearl ruby emerald and sapphire .
26 d mysterious journey to the north sea 1st half the 17-year-old wu-lin be travel from the fishing village of florence to cronenberg to have a strange jewel appraise . no less than three people try to steal it from she the young commoner toto an old artist name professor krolock and the grotesque gilligan an obscenely overweight gangland boss in a custom exo-skeleton . he have wu-lin kill but she die request of d be that he bring the gem back to she older sister su-in in their village on the north sea .
65 ernest rides again be a 1993 comedy film write and direct by john r. cherry iii and star jim varney . it be the sixth film to feature the character ernest p. worrell and the last to be release theatrically . in this movie ernest and a history professor discover a long-lost revolutionary war cannon and must protect it from other who want the precious jewel hide inside . the film receive a pg rating from the mpaa .
49 the two begin to search for the artifact near the construction site and eventually locate it inside an abandon mine . unfortunately they be ambush by dr. glencliff tom butler whom they then lead on a chase through the countryside . after crash into a barn ernest locate the jewel not in the cannon s barrel as the legend describe but in the gunpowder keg and after put the crown on his head find himself unable to remove it . at the same time british authority arrive and declare that whoever wear the crown be king of england . fortunately ernest be able to remove the crown .
7 about face 2003 trading place 2003 crown jewel 2003 the real deal 2004 the nosy neighbor 2005
19 vessel class norwegian gem be the fourth of ncl s jewel class ship . she be precede by norwegian jewel in 2005 and both norwegian jade originally pride of hawaii and norwegian pearl in 2006 . each ship have unique amenity but have a similar exterior and interior design .
31 tenorio volcano national park spanish parque nacional volcán tenorio be a national park in the northern part of costa rica which form part of the arenal tilaran conservation area . the jewel of the national park be the volcano from which it receive its name . the tenorio volcano be make part of the national park in 1995 and be locate about 26 mile northeast from the town of fortuna in the guanacaste province .
34 the starjewel be an artifact that connect two people by love . the only record one in dragonlance be give to the knight of the crown sturm brightblade by princess alhana starbreeze . the jewel glow when the other owner be alive . when the partner die the starjewel s light go out . alhana s starjewel be bury at the grave of she father lorac when sturm brightblade die .
22 it be magically craft by elven mage . it have special power against dragon . the pommel be set with a green jewel the crosspiece look like an eagle s beak and elven script be write on it . in order to fend off the evil dragon attack silvanesti wyrmslayer be forge by the elf during the second dragon war . kith-kanan eventually use it during the kinslayer wars .
131 buttons mcboomboom hate bug and express this in a hostile way when he try to take on the bugman s army of bug in the case of the baffling bugman where he obviously develop a sheer hatred of bug from and the case of the stashed cash where he try to blast away at a crummy fly that be annoy he at the penthouse poolside when he be surround by a bunch of moth when he crash into a stack of old clothing at the abandoned west side laundry a place that once serve as a hideout for suds sparko and lastly in the opening intro when he take on a butterfly show to actually be its shadow he be fire at as nightshade try to rob a wardrobe fill with jewel .
10 odille be a spoiled daughter of rothbart . she love jewel . she be ugly compare to odette but she become rothbart s means to trick the prince .
25 additionally he be also depict as a rotund hearthom make of granite . thief gambler and lawyer worship he . his holy symbol be a jewel of any kind dedicate to he at a temple . succoth-benath – goddess of earth chaos knowledge . she be always see as a beautiful woman either young and fresh or older and seductive .
85 irene have decide to dissolve she marriage to she husband the rich ship owner bruce vail . to prevent it from engage a divorce procedure vail give the order to his driver michael to introduce itself in the room of hotel of his woman to paris so that himself and a private detective the surprise in a position compromising . but when bruce and the detective burst in the room they be threaten by an unknown one that take irene in hostage while take its jewel .
35 indeed the intruder paul dumond do not play the thief that to save the young woman for it have surprise his conversation with michael before the entry of the husband . it return he its jewel and the guest to dine to the blue castle then go home it to the small morning . but irene surprise it to discover the police at she place for michael be dead . by blackmail she be constrain to follow his husband to new york .
36 basic and plus . the basic player have the ability to rip music but its ability be limit to 96kbit/s for mp3 music . it also disabled several feature such as advanced autoplaylist crossfade format conversion jewel case label printing equalizer functionality and have a limitation on the amount of disc that can be burn through the application .
22 the album also contain a url to a hidden website which can be see by remove the black disc holder in the jewel case .
3 valenti 奇跡 kiseki jewel song
78 she be an apprentice white magic witch whose grand goal be to bring peace to the world through magic . whether a fault of she fine breeding or not mignon know little of determine the tenor of circumstance around she but once she have decide on something she have the strength of will to fulfill she goal . she believe that she grandmother be a genuine witch and that one day she will be able to open the jewel box that she receive from she grandmother thus become a real witch . she attack use various element such as wind water fire and lightning .
58 various christian symbolism be associate with feature of paska type bread . the inside of paska can be a swirl of yellow and white that be say to represent the rise christ in christian faith while the white represent the holy spirit . a version of easter bread make be make with maraschino cherry add to symbolize royal jewel to honor the resurrection of jesus . joan halmo #ppa43,m1 celebrating the church year with young child liturgical press 1988 isbn 0814615805 9780814615805 159 page page 43
18 the moon-spinners 1964 be a walt disney productions feature film star hayley mills in a story about a jewel theft on the island of crete . the film be base upon a suspense novel by mary stewart and be direct by james neilson . the moon-spinners be mills fifth of six film for disney and feature pola negri s last big-screen appearance .
53 plot and cast a young english woman name nikki ferris hayley mills live in athens take a trip with she aunt joan greenwood to the greek island of crete . she meet a wounded stranger peter mcenery and the plot take off involve she in the theft a rich woman s pola negri jewel while be threaten by a greek gentleman eli wallach and his sister irene papas .
8 the album include the singles cathy s clown jewel and bullet and purple sneakers .
57 statement by george e. pataki the former governor of new york state george e. pataki recognise the violent expulsion of the greeks and armenians from asia minor by the turks . as he mention in his proclamation in commemoration of the 80th anniversary of the asia minor catastophe ...smyrna the largest city in asia minor call the jewel of the mediterranean a cosmopolitan hub populate by a highly educate greek community and flourish commercial and middle-class be sack and burn and its inhabitant massacre by the turkish force the pier of smyrna become a scene of final desperation as the approach flame force many thousand to jump to their death rather than be consume by flame . the proclamation
43 unlike in other temple the durga here be very soft in look and grace shanta swarupi . sit on she vehicle lion place the foot on the head of demon mahishasura the gooddess appear in a tribanga stature eight hand three eye and jewel in the ear . generally the lion carry kali would be look on the right side . but the shanta swarupi durga’s lion here face the left side .
30 dzog-chen the four-themed precious garland with commentary by his holiness dudjom rinpoche and beru khyentze rinpoche . dharamsala india library of tibetan works archives 1979 . also publish in the jewel in the lotus a guidebook to the buddhist tradition of tibet ed . stephen batchelor . london wisdom publications 1987 .
19 also publish as tsongkhapa . a brief exposition of the stage of the path to enlightenment . in the jewel in the lotus a guidebook to the buddhist tradition of tibet ed . stephen batchelor . london wisdom publications 1987 .
46 god answer his prayer by stir up the enemy to kill each other . when jehoshaphat and his army enter the valley the enemy have completely destroy themselves . the army take three day to collect the valuable of the enemy include gold silver and precious jewel . hence the calling of the valley the valley of blessing . the story be record in 2 chronicle 20:1-30 .
91 the case of the red hot hoodlum in the case of the red hot hoodlum krusher steal a special flaming suit that cause the wearer to go up in flame literally . with this special suit he be able to create successful heist and escape from any trap c.o.p.s. lay out for he just by burn through wall and floor and incinerate anything in his path until they be able to lead krusher onto the mountback blimp where with the help of nancy and cathleen who be there check out a jewel exhibit on display on the blimp they be able to trap krusher by trick he into melt through the floor to the outside of the blimp cause he to get stick through the blimp s bottom scream for help since his head be face down below the city many many foot up in the air and he be try to hang on for his dear life . krusher give up at that point and be place back behind bar where he belong .
99 they be in twain s view the king s christian conscience and as such they should have prevail upon that monarch to direct the proceedings of his sister s burial in a fashion more acceptable to the foreign community . twain s attitude reflect the contempt in which the native practice of any people who live outside the pale of the anglo-saxon complex be hold . he know his reading audience all too well when he fashion his statement in the guise of ridicule some of it assume the same character as the hickey pokey winky wum .. . jewel which be compose they say in honour of king kalākaua .
69 outside the cave a rescue team have be assemble to find the boy despite al gore s plea that the cave be fill with molten lead in order to kill manbearpig . gore divert the flow of a nearby stream in order to cause a flood that fill the cavern in an attempt to kill the still-unseen monster . the boy meanwhile believe that cartman bloated with gold and jewel be severely ill and try to find a way out carry he . the cave soon flood and kyle risk his life to get cartman to safety . the boy manage to escape just as a memorial service be be hold for they and al gore be secretly celebrate the fact he killed manbearpig believe that he be a hero .
17 harris machus already a successful restaurateur open machus red fox in 1966 . it be the crown jewel among machus enterprises chain of restaurant and bakery . noted for provide a fine dining experience the 270-seat restaurant be decorate in an english country hunt-club motif rich in red velvet with dimly light booth . machus red fox close in 1996 after lose its lease and an italian restaurant andiamo be now locate in its place at 6676 telegraph rd at the bloomfield plaza .
27 20:26 28:42-43 . this would also include the strict prohibition of mixed bathing or public swimming . no use of jewelry or ornament of gold silver and jewel for personal adornment 1 tim . 2:9-10 1 pet . 3:1-6 some denomination will only allow the use of a wedding band or ring .
48 part one into etheria the sorceress of grayskull wake up from a nightmare about a vicious character call hordak who have capture a baby girl and walk through a portal to another world . the sorceress see a sword that look just like he-man s except for a jewel in the middle float in the air . she follow it to a door which open after the sword blast it reveal a portal . the next day the sorceress summons prince adam and cringer to castle grayskull .
56 once the four villain mantenna scorpia catra and leech be deal with he-man confront the force captain adora . however he-man lose the sword of power and draw the sword he be give by the sorceress . however before he can do anything the sword start to glow and an image of adora appear in the jewel show that she be the person he-man be look for the sword s true owner . he-man be confuse as he can not believe the sword would belong to someone work for evil when he get stun from behind and adora gain the sword .
37 damascus sword give to h.m. king carol i by the ottoman sultan abdul-aziz the sword of king carol i of romania have a damascus steel blade and the handgrip be gold plate . the sheath have 1140 jewel and 46 diamond .
87 shiryū meaning violet dragon also know as shiryu be a fictional character from the saint seiya universe create by masami kurumada as one of the protagonist of the media franchise which originate in the manga write and illustrate by kurumada later adapt to anime and subsequently inspire soundtrack ovas movie video game and other collectible . he be consider the most mature of the five hero and thus the wisest . as the bronze saint of the dragon constellation shiryu don the emerald dragon bronze cloth a jewel among the cloth due to its legendary defense property .
44 though the war drive the lover apart livia feel drive to revisit remigio . when she join he for a tryst he ask for more money to bribe the army doctor for a reprieve from the battlefield . livia gladly give he all she jewel and gold . remigio flee to verona without bother even to kiss she goodbye .
36 bara no seidou 薔薇の聖堂 be an album release by malice mizer on august 23 2000 . it be the group s final full-length record . in february 2007 bara no seidou be re-release package in both jewel case and slipcase version both include an additional dvd title cardinal . the disc contain music video for the album s singles as well as alternate version of video for the subsequent singles gardenia and beast of blood . the title roughly translate as church of rose or sanctuary of rose .
39 balls be not a success in term of chart performance and fail to match the performance of gratuitous sax and senseless violins . it do not chart in germany uk or us. the album be package in a translucent jewel case that come in 4 colour red yellow green and blue with a reflective die-cut silver slipcase .
1 the jewel brilyante and spirit-guide gabay-diwa play a normally oversee yet important role to the world of encantadia . these be fictional item and character that diversify plot of this show . they give the sang gre power and support in time of need respectively .
28 these be fictional item and character that diversify plot of this show . they give the sang gre power and support in time of need respectively . the jewel use to be one big diamond call the jewel of elements which be use by bartimus meno cassiopea and aegen to defeat the empire of etheria . the jewel be then split into four by cassiopea due to hathoria s plot to steal it . the four be then distribute to sapiro earth lireo air adamya water and hathoria fire .
44 they give the sang gre power and support in time of need respectively . the jewel use to be one big diamond call the jewel of elements which be use by bartimus meno cassiopea and aegen to defeat the empire of etheria . the jewel be then split into four by cassiopea due to hathoria s plot to steal it . the four be then distribute to sapiro earth lireo air adamya water and hathoria fire . the hathors steal the water jewel but it be later recover by armeo together with the fire jewel .
39 the jewel be then split into four by cassiopea due to hathoria s plot to steal it . the four be then distribute to sapiro earth lireo air adamya water and hathoria fire . the hathors steal the water jewel but it be later recover by armeo together with the fire jewel . before armeo die he entrust to raquim the earth water and fire jewels so he can give it to mine-a holder of the air jewel . mine-a in turn entrust they to she four daughter pirena fire amihan air alena water and danaya earth .
47 before armeo die he entrust to raquim the earth water and fire jewels so he can give it to mine-a holder of the air jewel . mine-a in turn entrust they to she four daughter pirena fire amihan air alena water and danaya earth . the four jewel travel to and fro these sang gre . at the end it be armea alena s daughter who inherit the water jewel due to alena s death . amihan danaya and pirena keep their jewel at the ending .
43 mine-a in turn entrust they to she four daughter pirena fire amihan air alena water and danaya earth . the four jewel travel to and fro these sang gre . at the end it be armea alena s daughter who inherit the water jewel due to alena s death . amihan danaya and pirena keep their jewel at the ending . each jewel have one spirit-guide who continue to give it power .
37 the four jewel travel to and fro these sang gre . at the end it be armea alena s daughter who inherit the water jewel due to alena s death . amihan danaya and pirena keep their jewel at the ending . each jewel have one spirit-guide who continue to give it power . amihan and lira however have special spirit guide call twin-guides kambal-diwa)who help and guide they .
32 at the end it be armea alena s daughter who inherit the water jewel due to alena s death . amihan danaya and pirena keep their jewel at the ending . each jewel have one spirit-guide who continue to give it power . amihan and lira however have special spirit guide call twin-guides kambal-diwa)who help and guide they .
0 jewel all jewel grant the owner the power of flight levitation and energy manipulation . the jewel or the brilyante be gemstone which be pivotal to the existence and balance of the world of encantadia .
2 jewel all jewel grant the owner the power of flight levitation and energy manipulation . the jewel or the brilyante be gemstone which be pivotal to the existence and balance of the world of encantadia . in each gem reside massive power and if one fall in the wrong hand chaos be bind to ensue .
16 jewel all jewel grant the owner the power of flight levitation and energy manipulation . the jewel or the brilyante be gemstone which be pivotal to the existence and balance of the world of encantadia . in each gem reside massive power and if one fall in the wrong hand chaos be bind to ensue .
1 the jewel grant its owner with the power to control fire . if the beholder already have this power its owner s strength be heighten and diversify enable the person to control warmth light and fire . in this sense the beholder can intensify sunlight and conjure fire .
1 the jewel of fire be connect with the sun and if it be lose the sun would refuse to shine deprive encantadia of the power of fire .
1 the jewel grant its owner with the power to control the wind . if the beholder have this power its owner s strength be heighten and diversify enable the person to control air wind and coldness . in this sense the beholder can change air current conjure oxygen in area without it and transform into air this wind be sometimes use to send message to other people .
57 if the beholder have this power its owner s strength be heighten and diversify enable the person to control air wind and coldness . in this sense the beholder can change air current conjure oxygen in area without it and transform into air this wind be sometimes use to send message to other people . the air jewel can also be use to detect the existence of being by trace the sound of their breath . amihan use this power twice first to find alena after the latter give birth to khalil and second to confirm the safety of cassandra who venture out with wahid apek and wantuk to devas .
1 the jewel be interconnect with the very air of encantadia . even if it be not show in the series it be possible that if it be lose the air in encantadia will slowly cease to exist which be bind to result in death .
1 the jewel grant its owner with the power to control water . if the beholder have this power its owner s strength be heighten and diversify enable the person to control biosonar liquid sea creature and rain . in this sense the beholder sing with a magical voice conjure and alter water and other liquid shapeshift into flora and fauna which have water habitat and intensify the rain into a storm .
1 the jewel grant its owner with earth-based power . if the beholder have this power its owner s strength be heighten and diversify enable the person to control the earth vegetation and nature . in this sense the beholder can conjure earthquake communicate with plant and animal shapeshift into any flora or fauna and heal herself .
42 he be the ancestor of the mulawins founder of avila and the spirit-guide of air . he be the only guide not need to be summon . it would also appear that he be more of spirit-guide of the air than the jewel as he can appear whenever he want to . he have appear to amihan already when she be still a child even though she be not yet the keeper of the jewel of the air . he also have the ability to become a mulawin bird .
58 he be the only guide not need to be summon . it would also appear that he be more of spirit-guide of the air than the jewel as he can appear whenever he want to . he have appear to amihan already when she be still a child even though she be not yet the keeper of the jewel of the air . he also have the ability to become a mulawin bird . he usually leave dark warning to amihan by let one of his feather fall in front of amihan .
14 erekose take up the black sword and destroy the balance then hawkmoon smash the jewel with the runestaff which break . thus the last symbol of authority be destroy leave humanity free to make its own fate but erekose be also kill by the release of power . hawkmoon be the last survive incarnation of the eternal champion and with all god dead his function as champion be end .
59 the rock-cut temple in mamallapuram and the majestic kailasanatha and vaikuntaperumal temple of kanchipuram stand testament to the pallava art . the cholas utilise their prodigious wealth earn through their extensive conquest build long-lasting stone temple include the great brihadisvara temple of thanjavur and exquisite bronze sculpture . temple dedicate to siva and vishnu receive liberal donation of money jewel animal and land and thereby become powerful economic institution . some of the output of village throughout the kingdom be give to temple that reinvest some of the wealth accumulate as loan to the settlement . the temple serve as a centre for redistribution of wealth and contribute towards the integrity of the kingdom —john keays india a history pp 217–218
10 it be release as three version a basic version with jewel case and no booklet a standard version with jewel case and a booklet and a premium version as a digipak with enhanced cd-rom content and two bonus track see below .
19 it be release as three version a basic version with jewel case and no booklet a standard version with jewel case and a booklet and a premium version as a digipak with enhanced cd-rom content and two bonus track see below .
74 jack of diamonds be mastermind a heist of $ 30 million worth of uncut gem . he also have his eye on lovely gillian bromley who become a part of the gang he be form to pull off the daring robbery . chief inspector cyril willis from scotland yard however be blackmailing gillian threaten she with prosecution on another theft if she do not cooperate in help he bag the elusive rhodes the last jewel in his crown before the chief inspector formally retire from duty .
29 le doulos begin by introduce we to maurice an ex-con just release from prison after serve a six-year sentence . he then murder his friend gilbert and steal the jewel he have be hide product of a recent heist . shortly afterwards maurice plan a heist of a rich man’s estate and share his plan with silien who be rumor to be a police informant . silien be later pick up and question by the police .
21 plot summary the action hold in a fictional central european country karistan where beautiful alta life with she young blind daughter jewel . jewel have a friend in enigmatic white horse . meanwhile american jim martin be send there to prove that a new investment be not go to harm the environment in karistan ...
21 webster mcgee ryan o'neal be a computer programmer who abruptly quit his job and adopt a life of crime as a jewel thief in houston texas . he meet laura jacqueline bisset at a society function who fall in love with he and then help he to burglarize several high society member in houston . insurance investigator dave riley s warren oates primary focus in the film be to identify webster as the jewel thief .
73 webster mcgee ryan o'neal be a computer programmer who abruptly quit his job and adopt a life of crime as a jewel thief in houston texas . he meet laura jacqueline bisset at a society function who fall in love with he and then help he to burglarize several high society member in houston . insurance investigator dave riley s warren oates primary focus in the film be to identify webster as the jewel thief . o'neal and bisset ultimately make their escape in a piaggio royal gull amphibious plane .
55 scene 5 . the student look out and see to his delight a red rose which he immediately pluck and take to the girl he love . but the girl be quite unimpressed because she be quite the blind cow declare that the rose will not go with she dress and anyway she prefer the jewel give to she by the chamberlain’s nephew . so the student disillusion and impatient hurl the red rise beneath the wheel of a pass carriage and return to his book . the chorus as the echo of the voice of the dead nightingale sing from off stage “remember me… ”
26 tasmanian communities online accessed may 2006 . australian national heritage listing for richmond bridge last accessed 9 july 2008 . historic richmond bridge a national heritage jewel australian government department of the environment and heritage press release 2005
35 gameplayscreenshot of arabian magic . arabian magic have seven different stage each with one of the powerful guardian await the player at the end of each level . each guardian once defeat will drop a jewel which form a part of the jewel of seven color . guardians once defeat will join the player and become a spirit you can summon use the same button as the genie . each level be litter with vase and wooden chest which when break reveal treasure item and power-up .
41 history the historic central union terminal toledo ohio open with great fanfare the week of september 17 1950 the $ 5,000,000 c.u.t. be the last of the new york central railroad s great station . the new terminal be the crown jewel of a large post-war investment by the new york central into toledo which involve construct 9 new building as well as move and expand in conjunction with the b&o an $ 18,500,000 coal loading facility from east toledo to maumee bay . c.u.t. be use by 4 major railroad during the 1950 and 1960 the new york central baltimore and ohio chesapeake and ohio and the wabash railroad . the first floor house baggage service while the second floor house a ymca for train crew .
18 whxr history the station be originally know as wlam-fm and feature an adult standard format know as the jewel . the station be simulcast on sister station wlam 870 and wzou 1470 in lewiston . portland radio legend bud sawyer be one of wlam s morning host .
47 all the track be digitally remaster for superior clarity of sound . they be also re-arrange and re-title from the previous release to follow the story of the film in chronological order . rca victor re-package the special edition set later in 1997 offer it in slimline jewel case packaging as an unlimited edition but without the stunning presentation and packaging that the original black booklet version offer .
57 the original release by rca victor in 1997 consist of limited edition book with laser etch cd inside the front and back cover with each book . in the case of the empire strikes back the disc be etch with the logo for the empire . the disc be give an unlimited release in a two disc jewel case also by rca victor later that year . they be again re-release in 2004 by sony music with new artwork parallel the first dvd release of the original trilogy .
49 big brown eyes be a 1936 crime/detective film . in the film police officer danny barr cary grant be chase jewel robber . his girlfriend eve fallon joan bennett be initially work as a manicurist but quickly take a job as a reporter assist in the effort against the jewel thief . fallon and barr become disgust when one jewel gang member be acquit and both leave their job . soon thereafter fallon get a lucky break while give a manicure and the case be solve .
50 in the film police officer danny barr cary grant be chase jewel robber . his girlfriend eve fallon joan bennett be initially work as a manicurist but quickly take a job as a reporter assist in the effort against the jewel thief . fallon and barr become disgust when one jewel gang member be acquit and both leave their job . soon thereafter fallon get a lucky break while give a manicure and the case be solve .
34 rosalie glynn grylls lady mander whose home wightwick manor near wolverhampton contain many piece of kempe s stained glass write in 1973 kempe s work have a unique charm its colour shine out from jewel that cluster on the mitre or the crown his figure wear and from their peacock feather while angel play their instrument be draw with tender delicacy and scatter above the main window informally but make a pattern of precision . above all the prevail yellow wash be literally translucent for it let through the ray of the full or the setting sun ...
37 originally release by music for nations on june 6 2004 it be re-release by the german-based label spv in may 2005 after the collapse of the former . the music for nation release come in two format jewel case with 10 track and digipack with 13 track . unlike normal special edition the 13-track version s bonus track be in the middle of the album apparently form the true album as the band intend it . the spv release contain a bonus ep with four additional track all previously release and video of two song from the original .
80 he be adorn with a necklace of fifty freshly sever human head the six symbolic ornament and clothe in a tiger skin skirt . his first pair of hand hold a vajra and bell embrace his consort nairatma blue in colour with two hand hold a curved knife grus gug and skull cup . hevajra s remain right hand hold a sword arrow wheel skull cup club trident and hook the remain leave hand hold a lotus bow trident skull jewel threaten forefinger and noose .
23 the capital of the province be ranpur . another large city in the province be mayapore which be the key setting in the jewel in the crown . the princely state of mirat be a nominally sovereign enclave within the province . pankot be a second class hill station in the province which serve as a headquarters for the 1st pankot rifles an important regiment of the indian army who fight the axis in north africa .
67 daphne manners be gang rape by a mob and edwina crane be witness to the murder of she indian colleague . miss crane another missionary schoolteacher be a good friend of barbie s and she be haunt by the attack and by edwina s subsequent suicide by fire . pankot society do not know what to make of barbie and she insistence in share a picture the jewel in the crown of the title that edwina give she .
59 there she encounter ronald merrick who be in town for treatment at the local military hospital and have come in search of the layton however no one be currently in residence . barbie be excite to finally meet merrick and ask he about mayapore . she open she trunk and present he with she copy of the painting the jewel in the crown . merrick recognize it as one he see among edwina crane s thing and accept it gratefully .
23 ethel manners lady manners lady manners be the widow of sir henry manners a former governor of the unnamed province . in the jewel in the crown she grandniece daphne manners fall in love with an indian hari kumar . daphne be the victim of a gang rape during a riot that become a cause celebre among the english in india and kumar be arrest as a suspect . lady manners who have take custody of daphne s daughter parvati be a ghostly presence to pankot society .
40 hari kumar hari kumar be an indian raise as an englishman at the exclusive public school chillingborough . upon return to india he find himself isolate from both the indians and the english until he meet daphne manners in the jewel in the crown . his affair with daphne end tragically when she be gang-rap by a mob and he be hold as a suspect by ronald merrick . the police be unable to make any charge stick but they haul kumar off to kandipat jail as a political subversive .
1 the jewel in the crown of the group s activity be the acquisition of a barren piece of land north of tel aviv on which the city of herzliya be found in 1925 . the city be name after theodor herzl the founder of modern zionism and be today one of the largest city in israel .
2 rocketeer rockit jewel
25 mudmen be make of earth and mud . their body be very tough but they melt at high temperature . they be say to have jewel hide within their body .
24 # black widow ii with cave wall and storage drum # origin wolverine with forest display and wolf # black cat apartment wall safe jewel and spider-man # ultimate iron man with removable forearm armor and recharging station # ultimate hulk with printed scenic city base
33 the king acquiesce . soon prince charming visit the kingdom . the queen dress turritella in all she finery for the reception and bribe fiordelisa s lady-in-waiting to steal all she dress and jewel . still prince charming be take with fiordelisa and pay only she attention . the queen and turritella badger the king until he agree to lock fiordelisa up for the length of the visit and attempt to blacken she character to the prince .
53 she then persuade the king that fiordelisa be so infautate with prince charming that she have best remain in the tower until she come to she senses . the bluebird fly to the tower and tell fiordelisa the truth . over many year the bluebird visit she often bring she rich gift of jewel .
56 their clothing be early byzantine dress consistent with other imperial portrait of the period . the two co-emperor have decorate tablion patch show rank attach to their main garment at their knee or possibly epigonations unattached ceremonial handkerchiefs which survive as an eastern orthodox vestment . these would have be highly decorate with embroidery and probably jewel . the official receive the document wear clothes decorate with stripe and patch which would have be a kind of uniform for his office . the three imperial figure have tightly curl hairstyle and wear diadem of pearl .
17 the megalithic stone be invaluable because they mark the grave of the ruling elite . pottery comma-shaped jewel bronze and other funerary artifact have be excavate from these dolman . the culture of the people during this time can be glean from the evidence leave by the dolman . additionally the stone show how stone be quarried transport and use to build dolman .
44 the album typically contain exclusive track and remix from a diverse range of indie artist . each album be package with a 192-page booklet that contain feature on the artist and original article . the booklet be the size and shape of a cd jewel case and be usually package with the cd case in a cardboard sleeve . volume one the first issue be publish in september 1991 . the series come to an end in january 1997 with volume seventeen .
37 several double-cd compilation be also release in parallel with the series include the trance europe express and trance atlantic series a mix release call texture and two best-of compilation . these special edition be package in double-disc jewel case in a box with volume s standard-sized 192-page booklet . later edition include a cd-rom typically with a series of flash animation and video content . the brand s visual trademark be photograph of tropical fish with a different species appear on the cover of each issue .
96 purdue engineering review 21 no. 4 may 1926 3-6 22 . for most of the twentieth journal square be the cultural entertainment center of hudson county eric m. friedman journal square and the old loew s theatre grassroots resistance in a city center canon magazine 2009 home to the movie palace build in the 1920 the state 1922 state theater the stanley theater 1928 stanely theater and the loew s jersey theater 1929 . loew s jersey karen angel of the new york daily news describe journal square from the 1920s to the 1960 as crown jewel a glow commercial entertainment and transportation hub of the city . angel karen . journal squared a jersey city neighborhood s housing multiply .
7 the treasure of cheste a set of jewel and gold and silver coin be find in the locality of la safa in 1864 . among the coin there be a denarius sgdenham 140 rrc 44,5 from 211 bc which enable the find to be date to the second punic war .
9 other meaning in arabic dana mean white pearl a jewel find in the sea . it be use as a female first name . in persian it mean wise someone who know a lot .
48 # the tough egg max kemmler run the busiest illegal gambling den in london and after make his mint have decide to get out of town . but the the saint have a surprise going-away present . # the bad baron templar discover that he have competition a jewel thief know as the fox and it become a matter of pride for he to steal a priceless bracelet from an uncouth baron before the fox do . # the brass buddha simon encounter an unpleasant landlord who have a brass buddha that he have to sell for ₤2,000 as a condition of receive an inheritance . the saint decide to take he up on that offer and find himself at the centre of a near-perfect con game .
79 this story feature the first appearance of roger conway since knight templar and monty hayward since getaway . # the new swindle in this sequel to the brain workers templar foil a jewellery insurance scam run by a man he con in that earlier story . # the five thousand pound kiss the saint set his sight on steal the star of mandalay a huge diamond during a private party but he do not bank on encounter the female jewel thief from the export trade . # the green goods man templar go undercover as an accountant in order to draw out a swindler from america who specialize in make his victim believe they be purchase small fortune in counterfeit currency . # the blind spot after save a down-on-his-luck inventor from kill himself templar take on a crooked patent agent .
32 it be a low resolution image of a movie poster it do not limit the copyright owner rights to sell the film in any way it allow for identification of the film jewel thief no free alternative be possible it illustrate the film in question
27 story mode a.k .a . pyramid columns you can go through level fight harder and harder enemy . 2 extra magical jewels there be 2 extra magical jewel as well as make a type of jewel vanish . 1 . lower your crash bar . 2. raise your enemy crush bar . 3. destroy all jewel of a similar colour .
35 story mode a.k .a . pyramid columns you can go through level fight harder and harder enemy . 2 extra magical jewels there be 2 extra magical jewel as well as make a type of jewel vanish . 1 . lower your crash bar . 2. raise your enemy crush bar . 3. destroy all jewel of a similar colour .
37 2 extra magical jewels there be 2 extra magical jewel as well as make a type of jewel vanish . 1 . lower your crash bar . 2. raise your enemy crush bar . 3. destroy all jewel of a similar colour . flashing jewels you may get these when you have do a good combo move . match one of these to put a curse on your enemy .
52 history and application in church in the basilica di san marco venice be the famous pala d'oro a glorious altarpiece piece together over several hundred year so that it have element of the gothic as well as the byzantine . the pala d'oro be make of gold and be set with enamel jewel semi-precious stone and pearl . hardstone carving and engraved gem often from antiquity be highly value and give elaborate mount in goldsmith work . in the baroque period the use of mixed media reach a high point as great altarpiece be construct out of pietra dura and marble wood and metal often contain oil painting as well .
68 some of these altarpiece create illusionistic effect as if the viewer be have a vision . other object that be commonly of mixed media be devotional statue particularly of the blessed virgin mary which most commonly have face of paint plaster but also of wax ivory porcelain and terracotta . they be often dress in elaborate satin garment decorate with metallic braid and lace pearl bead and occasionally jewel and may be deck with jewellery and trinket offer by the faithful . another important mixed-medium art form be the tableau which may comprise a gethsemane or a christmas creche . these may be elaborate and exquisite or may be assemble by the sunday school use cotton-reel body ping-pong ball head and bottle-top crown .
62 mishnah parah 2:5. hyssoprab judah report in samuel’s name an account of the rarity of completely red cow when they ask rabbi eliezer how far the honor of parent extend he tell of a heathen from ashkelon name dama son of nethinah . the sage offer dama a profit of 600,000 gold denarius or rab kahana say 800,000 denarius in exchange for jewel that he have that the sage could use in the ephod but as the key to the jewel lay under dama’s father’s pillow dama decline the offer so as not to trouble his father . the next year god reward dama by cause a red heifer to be bear in his herd . when the sage go to buy it dama tell they that he know that he could ask for all the money in the world and they would pay it but he ask for only the money that he have lose in honor his father .
80 mishnah parah 2:5. hyssoprab judah report in samuel’s name an account of the rarity of completely red cow when they ask rabbi eliezer how far the honor of parent extend he tell of a heathen from ashkelon name dama son of nethinah . the sage offer dama a profit of 600,000 gold denarius or rab kahana say 800,000 denarius in exchange for jewel that he have that the sage could use in the ephod but as the key to the jewel lay under dama’s father’s pillow dama decline the offer so as not to trouble his father . the next year god reward dama by cause a red heifer to be bear in his herd . when the sage go to buy it dama tell they that he know that he could ask for all the money in the world and they would pay it but he ask for only the money that he have lose in honor his father .
71 the next day the ogress set he to slaughter one of she fifty ox but she would not tell he which one . he call on tritill and litill who slaughter one and tell he to ask for what lay on the bed the chest at she bed s foot and what lay under the cave s side . these prove to be the princess a chest fill with gold and jewel and a magical ship that move over land and sea . he bring this all to the king who agree to the marriage .
33 bozulich have write article short fiction poetry and criticism for alternative press la weekly ecstatic peace and ben be dead . she have mention she desire to expand she short story the sparkely jewel ben be dead july 1993 into a full-length novel carla bozulich by alex godfrey bizarre magazine june 2006 . bozulich have also work in the illustrative art .
59 the only relationship among they be that they be all train in martial art or sport . as correctly theorized by jack these girl have be abduct by madam m and transport to an island to be train to become professional assassin . after six year of gruesome training only charlene ching maggie q katt anya wu and jing jewel lee survive and graduate . the last test in order for they to graduate be a fight for survival/to the death test . katt and charlene be friend could not kill each other and so each be accept as the third survivor .
38 chrysis ignita commonly know as cuckoo wasp the hymenopteran family chrysididae be a very large cosmopolitan group over 3000 describe species of parasitoid or cleptoparasitic wasp often highly sculpture with brilliantly colored metallic-like body thus the common name jewel wasp gold wasp or emerald wasp be sometimes use . they be most diverse in desert region of the world as they be typically associate with solitary bee and wasp species which be also most diverse in such area .
51 soon after that the detective receive an invitation for the auction at which the precious ruby be to be sell . the grundy appear there too and he seem to have all the card . yet it turn out that mallory with the help of felina already find and hide the jewel which give he an advantage over the enemy . grundy set mallory’s friend free and agree to wait until the detective deliver the ruby .
16 mallory who have no intention of let the grundy wreak havoc in both world have the jewel transport to his new york just before the passage between the two world close . then he meet the grundy only to inform he about it . since the demon cannot be sure whether mallory tell the truth he do not dare to kill the detective but promise to have his revenge in the future .
56 also call a double madonna crayfish angel bite or anti bite be the anti version of snake bite . when long barbell be wear in this piercing they look similar to the antenna on a crayfish hence the name . lovetoknow tattoos labret piercing most people with a monroe pierce favor a metal ball or a jewel on the outer-end .
23 tama have two meaning depend on the character with which it be write . the first character for tama 玉 also mean precious jewel as in tamagakus the jewel fence surround a shrine or tamagushus a branch of sakakus use as an offering . the more common meaning of tama in a shinto context be however the tama also pronounced rei meaning soul or spirit see above .
28 tama have two meaning depend on the character with which it be write . the first character for tama 玉 also mean precious jewel as in tamagakus the jewel fence surround a shrine or tamagushus a branch of sakakus use as an offering . the more common meaning of tama in a shinto context be however the tama also pronounced rei meaning soul or spirit see above .
3 jason mraz jem jewel joan osborne joe jackson
11 the miracle man soon declare war on humanity and commit a jewel heist through the aid of a giant prop monster he animate . the police call upon the fantastic four to stop he but the miracle man bests they in a series of encounter and hypnotize the invisible girl into obey he . however after the human torch blind he with a flare of fire he be capture easily and his mysterious power be explain as deriving from nothing more than hypnotism .
20 format in britain and germany the single be release on two enhanced cd . the first issue in a slimline jewel case feature a version sing by james bourne a remix by ejdj and an instrumental mix . the second house in a standard jewel case contain a version sing by matt willis and a cover of mrs . robinson by simon garfunkel .
43 in britain and germany the single be release on two enhanced cd . the first issue in a slimline jewel case feature a version sing by james bourne a remix by ejdj and an instrumental mix . the second house in a standard jewel case contain a version sing by matt willis and a cover of mrs . robinson by simon garfunkel .
27 while branch of the family settle at allahabad patna rai patani mall choose varanasi to settle down and set up his library there . the collection of jewel precious object and work of art from his library be magnanimously donate to bharat kala bhavan at banaras hindu university .
63 now in its third year the independent shakespeare company at the barnsdall art park be an on-going free to the public live series be hold on an outdoor stage overlook the hill of hollywood . in 2004 in association with the city of los angeles department of cultural affairs the independent shakespeare company isc establish a residency in barnsdall art park the hidden jewel of hollywood . the summer season be kick off with a gala performance of the two gentleman of verona . twelve performance offer free to the public follow .
50 putnam hall be an american indie rock band form in orange county by lillard anthony vocals/guitar with kris wismer drum and al walters bass in 2002 . putnam hall grow a follow in orange county start in the fall of 2002 and quickly rise dub by ocnye as the hidden jewel of the local stage . they will be appear on the vans 2006 warped tour . putnam hall’s guerillum do-it-yourself promotional tactic and flat-out hard work that have bring their music from show all across orange and la counties to garner television airplay on mtv and radio airplay on 106.7 kroq and indie 103.1 .
19 main charactersthe jewel riders princess gwenevere gwenevere also know as starla be the star of the show the newest jewel rider and the champion for the side of righteousness . 16-year-old princess of avalon and the upright daughter of queen anya and king jared she live in the crystal palace in new camelot and be herself to be the queen when she come of age . though she be the most inexperienced of the jewel riders princess gwenevere become their leader after the first episode and the other rider must follow she command .
51 though she be the most inexperienced of the jewel riders princess gwenevere become their leader after the first episode and the other rider must follow she command . she receive the sun stone at the friendship ring ceremony and be bond with sunstar she winged pegasus-like unicorn . sun stone the jewel of light most powerful under the bright sun and use different color of the rainbow to create various effect . gwen have long yellow/gold hair blue eye and like to wear gold and pink . she be the most beautiful of the jewel riders and both drake and ian fall in love in she .
26 fallon fallon be the athletic tomboy of the group a tough yet graceful and agile gypsy girl . she own the moon stone a blue moon-shaped jewel that create illusion and other trick like reveal hidden object and be enhance at night . she find herself a bit leave out when it come to gwenevere and tamara s more girly activity because fallon prefer to hang out with the pack s boy and go race on she unicorn friend moondance . fallon can be very aggressive and active balance the more feminine and aesthetically-minded gwenevere and be very skilled in athletics enable she to perform many incredible feat and acrobatic stunt .
20 tamara tamara be a bit older and more experienced than gwenevere . she own the heart stone a red heart-shaped jewel that contain the power of healing and understand animal . she be a well-known as a gifted musician and artist in avalon and also work as a caretaker responsible for train baby magical animal . she heart stone s main ability be heal and it can transform into or enhance the potential of any instrument but be a wild stone which mean it be unpredictable .
86 kale originally live in the castle thornwood a former area of ravenwood turn by she into a dark and forbid place . in the episode dreamfield both she and gwen get confuse and temporaly swap their role and kale become a good queen wear the anya s robe and defend the throne from now-evil gwenevere in the end of the episode kale also choose not capture the sun stone and instead walk away . eventually she be outwit by merlin while try to use his own jewel and the power of the crown jewels trap she and evaporate she into the wild magic . there she make an uneasy deal with morgana to work with she against merlin and become somewhat of a sidekick to morgana in the second season . since then kale work as morgana s hand and eye in the real world and she appear in several episode with she own power now inferior to these newly-acquired by the jewel riders until she be finally defeat by gwenevere and ian and turn to stone together with she creature possibly forever .
31 morgana the main enemy of the second season vicious morgana be a legendary evil sorceress who be out for revenge on merlin . morgana be the original creator of dark stone jewel the only magic stone in avalon that be not tune by merlin even if she be no longer in capable of use it herself . like the other wizard she do not need jewel to use magic she be also capable of efortless levitation . morgana look like a fantasy dark elf she have point ear dark skin long white hair and green eye and shapely figure .
65 morgana the main enemy of the second season vicious morgana be a legendary evil sorceress who be out for revenge on merlin . morgana be the original creator of dark stone jewel the only magic stone in avalon that be not tune by merlin even if she be no longer in capable of use it herself . like the other wizard she do not need jewel to use magic she be also capable of efortless levitation . morgana look like a fantasy dark elf she have point ear dark skin long white hair and green eye and shapely figure . she wear a mostly-white long dress .
112 merlin prove too powerful however and they be all banish into the wild magic once here she be unable to return to avalon without the dark stone she lose and leave drift in she palace as part of the magic itself . even when she do discover she dark stone it have already re-tun itself to lady kale leave morgana to search for other source of magic to return to avalon . because morgana can only make illusion of herself in avalon she be able to appear via insubstantial projection in order to communicate with kale who be annoy she greatly but be still able to use she power to fight the jewel rider she send evil princess to find the lose jewel of all the ancient wizard . nevertheless she despise kale s arrogance and treat the deal as only temporary there be also a natural conflict of interest as each of they want the dark stone for themselves . with all seven wizard jewels morgana can free the other wizard and return to avalon to rule it as queen morgana .
122 merlin prove too powerful however and they be all banish into the wild magic once here she be unable to return to avalon without the dark stone she lose and leave drift in she palace as part of the magic itself . even when she do discover she dark stone it have already re-tun itself to lady kale leave morgana to search for other source of magic to return to avalon . because morgana can only make illusion of herself in avalon she be able to appear via insubstantial projection in order to communicate with kale who be annoy she greatly but be still able to use she power to fight the jewel rider she send evil princess to find the lose jewel of all the ancient wizard . nevertheless she despise kale s arrogance and treat the deal as only temporary there be also a natural conflict of interest as each of they want the dark stone for themselves . with all seven wizard jewels morgana can free the other wizard and return to avalon to rule it as queen morgana .
60 he also deny kale the sunstone and bar she from become the queen of avalon . at the beginning of the series merlin be train the all the jewel riders and do good to all avalon however vindicative kale use she dark stone to send he into the wild magic and now the jewel riders must find he . the jewel on his staff be also the key to the jewel box that hold the seven crown jewels . after kale break it in the end of the first season merlin be unable to return to avalon until he be give the one-jewel staff by gwenevere .
26 animal archie archimedes the familiar owl of merlin who guide the jewel riders in his absence and help the girl learn the magic of their enchanted jewel . archimedes be also the name of merlin s owl in the once and future king and the sword in the stone .
65 in the episode shadowsong she hear a voice call to she heart stone and find a strange unicorn who rescue she from a giant spider monster . though it take some time before tamara can convince the zebracorn she s a friend they soon become close . when tamara think shadowsong have die she heartstone break in half but it quickly reform into two separate jewel one of they become bond to shadowsong make he tamara s one special friend .
75 when gwenevere first meet he he be a good-looking and buffy blonde fabio-lookalike but it be later reveal that ian be actually a powerfully-built blue werewolf who be use the power of a wizard jewel to be human . lady kale and morgana tempt he to give away the wizard jewel with the prospect of a permanent human form which he nearly accept in the hope of woo gwen . but then ian sacrifice the jewel to save gwen she convince he that no matter what shape he take she will she assure he that she always be his friend no matter what he look like . ian return to aid the jewel riders in the second series finale when he rescue gwen again and help to get rid the world of evil . in his wolf form he be very strong capable of lift and throw a wagon .
40 the treasure of the church be the subject of a village legend . at one time the statue of the church be string with jewellery by villager as thanks for prayer answer . but church be often rob of these jewel .
54 additionally she say she feel she life have no direction as she have no plan for what she want to do with herself . when she find the injured yūno in ferret form in the park she bring he to a nearby veterinarian for care . yūno later call nanoha telepathically as an unstable jewel seed attack he and he then give she the red jewel around his neck know as raising heart . with his instruction nanoha activate raising heart and discover she own magical ability . she power blow yūno away as she be able to create attack quickly transform and attack without use the incantation generally require do so and sense jewel seed more easily than he can .
65 additionally she say she feel she life have no direction as she have no plan for what she want to do with herself . when she find the injured yūno in ferret form in the park she bring he to a nearby veterinarian for care . yūno later call nanoha telepathically as an unstable jewel seed attack he and he then give she the red jewel around his neck know as raising heart . with his instruction nanoha activate raising heart and discover she own magical ability . she power blow yūno away as she be able to create attack quickly transform and attack without use the incantation generally require do so and sense jewel seed more easily than he can .
50 nanoha life at she home above midori-ya the cafe own by she family with she mother momoko she father shirō she brother kyōya and she sister miyuki the latter two of which serve as the main character of triangle heart . nanoha balance cram school regular school and hunting for jewel seed with ease although yūno fear that it may be too much for she in the long run . although she try to hide she identity from she friend and family in contrast to many mahou shoujo series she blatantly advertise it to fate .
58 lindy a pixie in this version accompany nanoha as well as kuon a foxgirl that be able to transform into a real fox apparently use here as a precursor to yūno . nanoha in she older toraha design actually transform into the outfit that in the actual nanoha anime be she civilian school uniform . raising heart s jewel form and original password do not change but it have only one weapon form a typical pink wand with a big plastic heart on it similar to the weapon of many traditional magical girl such as mew ichigo and sailor chibi moon . as fate do not exist nanoha s rival be chrono harlaown .
29 fallen angel season 4 this episode be notable as it initially appear that jill have turn she back on she sister and the law to work with a dangerous jewel thief play by timothy dalton . however it later transpire she be work undercover for charlie all along .
13 the police do indeed find the bungalow rifle and a large quantity of jewel miss . miss kerr soon return but deny any knowledge of the affair or even of have ring up the police . both she and the maid have be summon away for the day on separate false pretext and have never be in the bungalow when mr faulkener either visit whether by invitation or not .
20 the most interesting as well as important of the marble here be a slab represent a chakravarti . the seven jewel which surround he – the queen the prince the minister the elephant the horse the wheel and the gem – proclaim he to the world as a king of king . noteworthy feature of this sculpture be not only the square coin that be shower on the emperor from the sky and the jewel wear by the human figure but also the elongated structure of those figure which constitute a marked departure from the stunted representation of the gandhara school . it be this elegant attenuation of the figure the subsequently lead to the “towering and graceful form ” in the sculpture of the middle phase of andhra sculpture at amaravati .
74 the most interesting as well as important of the marble here be a slab represent a chakravarti . the seven jewel which surround he – the queen the prince the minister the elephant the horse the wheel and the gem – proclaim he to the world as a king of king . noteworthy feature of this sculpture be not only the square coin that be shower on the emperor from the sky and the jewel wear by the human figure but also the elongated structure of those figure which constitute a marked departure from the stunted representation of the gandhara school . it be this elegant attenuation of the figure the subsequently lead to the “towering and graceful form ” in the sculpture of the middle phase of andhra sculpture at amaravati . another interesting find in this area be the “punyasala ” a beautiful sculpture show a two-storied shrine .
39 there be many inscription testify to its splendid past . the mother s icon be superbly sculpture and she pleasant facial feature be quite arrest and so win admiration by every one . the floral decoration intersperse with glitter jewel be enchant and raise hand in veneration . satwika puja be offer daily and she be madhuraahra priya . periodical festival be celebrate with unbounded zeal .
104 through generous gift from pope king queen and noble the abbey of st . victor be soon richly endow . many house of canon regular come under its influence and be reform through its leadership include the abbey of ste geneviève paris wigmore abbey in wales st . augustine s bristol st . catherine s waterford st . thomas s dublin and san pietro ad aram naples . king louis viii mention no less than forty abbey of the order of st . victor in his last will and testament and he leave 4,000 pound to be equally divide among they and all his jewel for the building of the abbey church in paris . before the abbey be 160 year old several cardinal and at least eight significant abbot have be produce from among its member .
40 they walk around for a little and then toothless find a door . alvin quickly take control threaten hiccup with death if he do not open the door . hiccup do and they enter a cavern file with gold and jewel . alvin turn on hiccup and try to kill he . toothless bring hiccup a battered sword and hiccup discover he be left-handed .
62 the bargesthe royal bargescrew of sukrip khrong mueang perform the ritual wai to the mae ya nang the female spirit believe to be in every boat . the royal barge suphannahong the golden swan or the phoenix be build in 1911 during the reign of rama vi with a bow resembling a mythical swan or hong adorn with gold lacquer and glass jewel with a crystalline ball and tassle dangle from she mouth . this 46 meter craft be carve from a single trunk of teakwood and be launch november 13 1911 . there be a golden pavilion on board to house the king and his royal family .
51 it be use as the primary royal barge of rama iv king mongkut . the current anantanakkharat be build during the reign of rama vi king vajiravudh and launch on april 14 1914 . the bow be carve into the 7-headed nakkharat the mystical snake-like creature in gold lacquer and glass jewel .
93 in this new approach to the witchblade universe the lead character and blade wielder be masane amaha a kind-hearted woman who despite she good intention be fairly clumsy and not good around the house . she lose she memory during an unknown catastrophic event that ravaged tokyo and curiously masane be find unscathed in the phenomenon s ground zero hold a baby in she arm . six year later she return to tokyo with the child now call rihoko and for whom she care as a daughter where she discover that the mysterious jewel attach to she right wrist be actually the legendary artifact know as the witchblade . since then masane get herself involve in the struggle for power between a huge corporation and a government agency while try to live she life peacefully with she daughter .
66 as the bearer of the witchblade while fight she gain superhuman capability such as enhanced regenerative ability speed endurance and strength but she normal personality be eclipse by that of a berserker which derive an almost erotic pleasure from combat and bloodsh though she gradually learn to control herself as the series progress . while inactive the witchblade appear as a silver bracelet with a red jewel in a heart-like-shaped frame on she right wrist which she can never remove . while active the blade produce a black maroon and silver armor that cover she body and give she an extendable blade on she right arm as well as the ability to sprout blade on the rest of she body . in this state she hair color change to red and grow longer capable of whip out and pierce she opponent .
47 they possess the same power as the witchblade but in truth be just cheap imitation of the original . know cloneblade sister be reina soho shiori tsuzuki and nora . proof show that a human be equip with a cloneblade be a silver bracelet with a blue jewel on their left wrist . later research lead to the creation of dual cloneblades two cloneblade be wield at once by the same person which be much stronger . besides its more complex design from the single blade the jewel it have be purple .
57 proof show that a human be equip with a cloneblade be a silver bracelet with a blue jewel on their left wrist . later research lead to the creation of dual cloneblades two cloneblade be wield at once by the same person which be much stronger . besides its more complex design from the single blade the jewel it have be purple . know dual clonebalde sister be from the second generation only maria aoi and asagi . proof show that a human be equip with a dual cloneblade be a silver bracelet with a purple jewel on both wrist .
49 besides its more complex design from the single blade the jewel it have be purple . know dual clonebalde sister be from the second generation only maria aoi and asagi . proof show that a human be equip with a dual cloneblade be a silver bracelet with a purple jewel on both wrist . wado of the douji group in an attempt to upstage takayama secretly develop what he call an ultimateblade which could be wield by a man . unlike the other copy of the witchblade the ultimateblade s weapon be bullet that be fire from their wrist .
54 from the small diana s square after via badalà there be a road that lead to the sea via marina . until a century ago it have the name of “via mulinelli” because there be many water mill along the road . on its route after about a kilometre there be one of the jewel of rural sicilian baroque in the seventeenth century il castello degli schiavi the castle of the slave .
35 arturo be at the hut of la straniera alaide . he desire to know the identity of this mysterious woman . inside the hut he see a portrait of she dress in royal robe wear jewel . alaide enter and chastise arturo for enter she hut . she tell he she will reveal nothing about she past and beg he never to return .
16 arwen a character in j. r. r. tolkien s fantasy world of middle-earth the evenstar a jewel which arwen give to she love aragorn invent for the lord of the rings film trilogy direct by peter jackson the evenstar a ship in janny wurts s war of light and shadow .
47 ii . every man to be call fairly in turn by list on board of prize because over and above their proper share they be on these occasion allow a shift of clothes but if they defraud the company to the value of a dollar in plate jewel or money marooning be their punishment . if the robbery be only betwixt one another they content themselves with slit the ear and nose of he that be guilty and set he on shore not in an uninhabited place but somewhere where he be sure to encounter hardship .
51 on november 1981 baralt theater join the list of venezuela’s national monuments often a first step in the arduous and very selective process of become a world heritage site . after an extensive and expert restoration the theater reopen its door in 1998 regale the urban landscape with yet another architectural jewel one which remain a treasure venezuelan institution to this day .
15 the seattle post intelligencer describe the show as a masterpiece . variety call it the jewel showtime have seek for year .
29 dream on tv series episode do the bossa nova 1990 valerie knox murder she write tv series episode the fixer-upper 1990 claire hastings chopper chicks in zombie town 1989 jewel stewardess school 1986 miss grummet a chorus line 1985 sheila bryant
0 jewel of kiss be a midtempo pop ballad with a wintry feel in the opening mark by pizzicato string the body of the song however feature piano castanets electric organ and cascading string and sound very different from the opening and closing . the b-side asatsuyu no melody be also a midtempo ballad with prominent electric guitar .
12 track listingpackage the 3 cd be package in a standard wide cd jewel case along with a fairly comprehensive booklet contain introductory information about the kalevala and a complete listing of track with lyric where appropriate a synopsis of each track and picture of the band and general artwork .
16 after timmy find out that a fairy-versary muffin like in abra-catastrophe be more powerful than the jewel that be steal . he order the ingredient pixie sugar a phoenix egg flour and moon-calf milk but vicky take the milk and give mom and dad the flour and sugar . timmy figure this out and be thankful that the egg be okay ... until vicky come in and smash it
22 in-game script for battle circuit english-language version . 1997 pinky pink ostrich a large sentient pink ostrich with an eye patch and jewel necklace who be always accompany by she owner a young girl name pola abdul . purport she be the only ostrich in the world who can fly in-game script for battle circuit english-language version . 1997 and attack with an assortment of aerial and spin technique .
37 the joker and harley stage a jewelry heist and wait for the batman . surprisingly the batman do not show up and the joker sadly comment without batman crime have no punchline . they leave without any jewel and joker decide to hold a funeral . the funeral be hold in the chemical plant where the joker have his first encounter with batman and became the happy soul i be today . the coffin hold batman s cape and cowl to which joker attach a kick i sign .
73 this be further fuel by the religious intolerance of archbishop ribera who quote the old testament text order the enemy of god to be slay without mercy and set forth the duty of king to extirpate they . h.c. lea the moriscos of spain op cit p.308 the edict require the moriscos to depart under the pain of death and confiscation without trial or sentence ... to take with they no money bullion jewel or bill of exchange .... just what they could carry . h.c. lea the moriscos of spain op cit p.345 so successful be the enterprise in the space of month spain be empty of its moriscos .
8 the bank robbery be conduct successfully with the jewel safely capture by the three man . however in the process of steal the bank ilyaas s face be expose capture footage on the camera and prompt city-wide poster with his face . meanwhile mr. rajput anxiously try to extort information from vishwas and arjun regard the jewel and its location .
56 the bank robbery be conduct successfully with the jewel safely capture by the three man . however in the process of steal the bank ilyaas s face be expose capture footage on the camera and prompt city-wide poster with his face . meanwhile mr. rajput anxiously try to extort information from vishwas and arjun regard the jewel and its location . unable to answer as they do not collect the item they try to defer the answer by change subject . ultimately it be reveal that ilyaas be the one who complete knowledge of the box s belongings .
24 both man gang up on mr. rajput and try to attack he and once the former realize that the man be ignorant about the jewel he start shoot they . in the process the police come and confusion ensue . vishwas and arjun come out and claim that mr. rajput be abuse they while the former claim that there be a big conspiracy involve the two man neha and ilyaas .
13 vishwas and arjun decide to take care of rahul and ultimately find the jewel they be hide in ilyaas musical instrument . both man yell we win while remember the sacrifice of ilyaas and neha .
21 alternate end after mr. rajput be catch by the police he hatch a plan with the inspector to share the steal jewel with he thus falsely implicate one of the board of director of the bank in the robbery and send he to jail . vishvas and arjun be show sit in a train where vishvas senses mr. rajput nearby and both of they draw their gun show that they be ready to face mr. rajput hence leave a cliff hanger for a sequel .
22 along with his father joe mardin co-produce queen latifah the dana owens album#credits joy a holiday collection a christmas album by singer/songwriter jewel he share several role on both album include conductor arranger engineer programming and orchestration and the critically acclaimed debut album of blind singer songwriter guitarist raul midón entitle state of mind . currently he be produce midón s second album for manhattan records due out in september 2007 .
9 sand s history as one of the world’s great jewel thief be relay to the spirit the cop both unaware of his past life with the suspect . unable to believe sand could be a criminal the spirit track she down . he be about to arrest she when catch off-guard by she standing before he fully nude .
87 demon bird s magic jewel the demon bird s magic jewel 魔鳥の魔宝玉 machō no mahōgyoku be a precious that hold within it the magic power of the demon bird 魔鳥 machō a monster that appear in the hermit s gorge century ago be seal . in that time the head of the society of shadow as dark shadow be know then the legendary ninja gekkou of the illusion merge his own body with the demon bird s and through hide technique seal only its power within the jewel and hide it in a hill in hermit s gorge . the seal be base on the lunar calendar and yaiba disobey direct order weaken and break it to bath it the light of the triple moon a night in which there seem to be three moon in the sky and that only happen once every 12 year . as even gekkou be not able to control the demon bird s magic when the seal in the precious be break by yaiba the body and mind of gekkou be control by the demon bird and the ninja himself become the monster .
35 the bastannak cover be design by matthias clammer . elissa collaborate later with clammer in the ayami beek cover . the official cover of bastannak be make of cardboard and be not the standard plastic jewel case .
14 bill mason director 1915-2002 british documentary film maker and amateur race driver bill mason jewel thief william d. mason prosecutor from cuyahoga county ohio bill mason rowing coach
19 national landscape conservation system nlcs main article national landscape conservation system the nlcs establish in 2000 encompass the crown jewel of land oversee by the u.s. bureau of land management . these 62 million acre 250,000 km² include wilderness area wild and scenic river and an array of other protection land . tws be a leader in a coalition that be commit to raise public awareness of these natural treasure increase the fund available to manage they and encourage the blm to protect they .
24 down so long be a folk pop song write by jewel and produce by patrick leonard for jewel s second album spirit 1998 . jewel write the song in 1992 when she be eighteen year old and that she like[s it on a musical level not message-wise . this be the second single that jewel have not re-record vocal for its single release . the guitar in the song be slightly alter create a stronger sound .
43 by the time jewel s third lp be release she state that she have be get into the club scene of la . she be fascinate and intrigue by the music be play at the club in la and nyc house music . jewel grow fond of the new genre she discover and decide to release serve the ego to djs for a remixing . this decision pay off get jewel a number one single on the billboard club and dance charts within the us and single sale chart .
11 music video a video for serve the ego never surface . jewel state in an interview there be an idea to shoot a video for serve the ego to one of the remix however we later find that there be not enough time in my schedule to shoot one .
49 this creature disguise itself by imitate a person whom the potential victim be very close to . it lead its victim to the wood where it will change back to its monster form and mutilate they . sarangay a creature resemble a bull with a huge muscular body and jewel attach to its ear . anggitay portray by ethel booba a female centaur .
32 he work in hollywood in the mid-1960 as a songwriter for the paramount . be nominate to an oscar for treasure of madre sierra . he be consider one of the biggest jewel of the spanish art in the 20th century .
19 the michigan theater – the largest evening concert for the festival take place in a lovingly restore art deco jewel the historic michigan theater . headline jazz and blues artist of international renown pack the theater each year . fan of all age often turn the night into a dance party .
14 the bird of honolulu . outerbridge 24 1993 97-104 . queen isabella pledges she jewel . oxford magazine 10 1995 94-103 . the audubon marathon .
33 the first inscription know as kyaikmaraw i commemorate a land dedication . on 25 september 1455 the queen dedicate land to the kyaikmaraw pagoda that she have build . the inscription record that jewel precious object and the revenue of a place name tko mbon be give to the moh smin royal promontory pagoda at myatheindan near martaban . the second part of the inscription provide benediction for those come to pay their respects to the pagoda and make many reference to buddhist scripture . the third part of the inscription outline the torment of hell .
52 author joseph trento comment that we know the mitrokhin material be real because it fill in the gap in western file on major case through 1985 . also the operational material match western electronic intercept and agent report . what mi6 get for a little kindness and a pension be the crown jewel of russian intelligence . joseph john trento the secret history of the cia pg 474-475
53 when we first see stella after she power down from she winx form she wear a bright orange midriff top with black trim as well as a long bright orange and pale orange skirt with black trim around the waist . on top of it she wear a cyan cover with a blue jewel in the center see above . she also wear an orange necklace . on she head she wear a silver crown that look like a headband and crown at the back of she head similar to the design of the ring of solaria .
51 she have also discard she orange colored boot and don light blue strap barefoot sandal connect by a sideways crescent button . she wear a turquoise colored tiara upon she head . she fairy dust vial be a yellow diamond circle by two orange star with the outer one stud with jewel .
10 she believix outfit keep she pigtail highlight and the red jewel ornament that hold she pigtail in place from she enchantix transformation but now the jewel be star-shaped . she gain a pair of peach-colored band on she arm start from the back of she hand to mid-forearm almost similar to she enchantix glove . she top be orange furry and expose she stomach and shoulder with a purple undershirt beneath the strap and bottom visibly stick out from under the top shirt .
25 she believix outfit keep she pigtail highlight and the red jewel ornament that hold she pigtail in place from she enchantix transformation but now the jewel be star-shaped . she gain a pair of peach-colored band on she arm start from the back of she hand to mid-forearm almost similar to she enchantix glove . she top be orange furry and expose she stomach and shoulder with a purple undershirt beneath the strap and bottom visibly stick out from under the top shirt .
13 of drought and flooding rain i love she far horizon i love she jewel sea . she beauty and she terror the wide brown land for i
47 under nikon s supervision the krestny monastery russian Кий-островский Крестный монастырь become one of the richest in the region . the patriarch send to the monk a huge cypress cross commission by he in palestine as an exact replica of the true cross and lavishly decorate with jewel . in 1660 he visit the monastery for the last time and dwell there for a year . it be believe that the wayward patriarch personally select the location of and design most building to suit his taste .
5 today the fort s main jewel be the torre de la minyona from the 11th century a tower which measure 15 meter in height and 10 meter in diameter . additionally there be the romanesque church of sant vicenç de cardona adjacent to the fort . the fort be currently use as a parador or state-run luxury hotel .
83 donkey kong jungle beat be release in japan in december 2004 and elsewhere in 2005 . donkey kong fight dread kong ninja kong karate kong and sumo kong . this platform game use the aforementioned dk bongo as a controller tap one drum repeatedly make donkey kong run tap both at the same time make he jump tap both alternately make he attack and clapping or blow in to the microphone cause an explosion show by a ripple in the screen attract assorted jewel or clear obstacle to progress . a standard gamecube controller could be use instead of the konga drum .
35 flora in she enchantix outfit she enchantix outfit be a high-waist hip-length frock primarily fuchsium with orchid violet powder blue and soft green trim thistle above-the-elbow translucent glove that be decorate with various pearl color jewel and soft green and light yellow ample butterfly wing with orchid outlining that be bejewel with pear shaped and colored decoration . she forewing be dentate with a convex tornus and she have terminal hind wing lobe between a convex apex and tornus . she hair be now style into elegant pigtails which resemble odango like the other winx girl exclude both bloom and tecna and grow several inch in length to she ankle .
34 musa in she enchantix outfit she enchantix outfit be primarily magenta with tangerine-yellow frilly trim pink translucent above-the-elbow glove and light yellow ample wing which appear rectangular with bejeweled speckle of purple and purple jewel dangle from the end . she skirt be a puffy and separate into diamond with tangerine-yellow frilly trim dangle on she leave at she waist . unlike the other winx girl she hairstyle do not change as it have always be in bunch prior to this transformation although do grow in length a few more inch .
6 manikkavavakar மாணிக்கவாசகர ் literally word like jewel be a tamil poet who write tiruvacakam a book of shaiva hymn . manikkavacakar be one of the nayanar poet of the hindu bhakti revival his work form one volume of the tirumurai the key religious text of tamil shaiva siddhanta . a minister to the pandya king varagunavarman ii c .
41 plot after eric simpson eric morecambe nearly give the queen a parking ticket he and ernest clark ernie wise decide to take a holiday in the south of france . however when they arrive there they become unwittingly involve in a jewel theft when the thief le pirate decide to use they to smuggle some precious jewel out of the country . he send the two englishmen to a sinister villa and send the beautiful claudette a member of his criminal gang to keep eric and ernie occupy while he carry out the various stage of his plan . confusion ensue however as the two battle over the love of claudette and eric accidentally win a large sum of money at a casino .
56 plot after eric simpson eric morecambe nearly give the queen a parking ticket he and ernest clark ernie wise decide to take a holiday in the south of france . however when they arrive there they become unwittingly involve in a jewel theft when the thief le pirate decide to use they to smuggle some precious jewel out of the country . he send the two englishmen to a sinister villa and send the beautiful claudette a member of his criminal gang to keep eric and ernie occupy while he carry out the various stage of his plan . confusion ensue however as the two battle over the love of claudette and eric accidentally win a large sum of money at a casino .
3 music albums lullaby jewel album lullaby sophie barker album lullaby ep by take back sunday
31 the small town of ashland oregon commission mclaren to design lithia park in 1914 just a few year after the park be initially establish in 1908 . still consider the crown jewel of ashland the park cover 100 acre 0.4 km² extend from the center of town the plaza up ashland creek to the foothill of mount ashland . it include two pond a japanese garden tennis court two public green a bandshell outdoor stage and mile of hiking trail . the name lithia come from the natural mineral water in ashland lithia water .
4 the legendary cintamanus wish-fulfilling jewel jewel that grant all desire be the most famous buddhist usage know as the ruyizhu nyoi-shu 如意珠 as-one-wishes jewel or ruyibaozhu nyoi-hōju 如意寶珠"as-one-wishes precious jewel . the digital dictionary of buddhism s ruyizhu entry explain . a maṇi-jewel magical jewel which manifest whatever one wish for skt .
5 the legendary cintamanus wish-fulfilling jewel jewel that grant all desire be the most famous buddhist usage know as the ruyizhu nyoi-shu 如意珠 as-one-wishes jewel or ruyibaozhu nyoi-hōju 如意寶珠"as-one-wishes precious jewel . the digital dictionary of buddhism s ruyizhu entry explain . a maṇi-jewel magical jewel which manifest whatever one wish for skt .
23 the legendary cintamanus wish-fulfilling jewel jewel that grant all desire be the most famous buddhist usage know as the ruyizhu nyoi-shu 如意珠 as-one-wishes jewel or ruyibaozhu nyoi-hōju 如意寶珠"as-one-wishes precious jewel . the digital dictionary of buddhism s ruyizhu entry explain . a maṇi-jewel magical jewel which manifest whatever one wish for skt .
29 the legendary cintamanus wish-fulfilling jewel jewel that grant all desire be the most famous buddhist usage know as the ruyizhu nyoi-shu 如意珠 as-one-wishes jewel or ruyibaozhu nyoi-hōju 如意寶珠"as-one-wishes precious jewel . the digital dictionary of buddhism s ruyizhu entry explain . a maṇi-jewel magical jewel which manifest whatever one wish for skt .
44 the legendary cintamanus wish-fulfilling jewel jewel that grant all desire be the most famous buddhist usage know as the ruyizhu nyoi-shu 如意珠 as-one-wishes jewel or ruyibaozhu nyoi-hōju 如意寶珠"as-one-wishes precious jewel . the digital dictionary of buddhism s ruyizhu entry explain . a maṇi-jewel magical jewel which manifest whatever one wish for skt . maṇi cintā-maṇi cintāmaṇi-ratna . accord to one s desire treasure clothing and food can be manifest while sickness and suffering can be remove water can be purify etc .
52 two additional sino-japanese buddhist translation be ruyiwutan nyoi-muton 如意無貪 fulfill wish without crave translate analu 阿那律 anuruddha one of the original disciple of gautama buddha ruyilun nyoi-rin 如意輪 wish-fulfilling wheel or ruyilun-guanyin nyoi-rin-kannon 如意輪観音 translate chintamanicakra a manifestation of guanyin kannon in esoteric buddhism who be usually depict with the cintamanus magic jewel and the falun 法輪 wheel of dharma dharmacakranyoiji temple in kobe several buddhist temple in japan be name nyoi . nyoirin-ji 如意輪寺 be a pure land temple in yoshino nara famous for a nyoi-rin image by en no gyōja
81 the building be much love in vancouver and with its rooftop dining room and dance floor the panorama roof be a favourite place for a night out . this building be one of the triumvirate of large ornate building which anchor the centre of town at georgia and granville street the hudson bay store birks building and hotel vancouver provide an elegant focus of which the rest of the town radiate . only the hudson bay store remain of those three jewel of vancouver s golden age of edwardian architecture . also attach to the hotel and build by the cpr be the vancouver opera house at its demolishing to make way for the construction of pacific centre it be the lyric theatre but it have also be the first theatre with the orpheum name in vancouver .
17 plot a terrorist group take control of a hotel in hong kong in order to steal the jewel on display during an exhibition . some of the hostage work together to escape and take down the terrorist .
3 the five elemental jewel be present in almost all of the game . in game they can be use a certain number of time as powerful spell or be use out of battle for certain effect such as the earth jewel which can be use to escape any maze or dungeon . over time two more jewel have be add although they be rarely as important to the plot as the main five .
56 the five elemental jewel be present in almost all of the game . in game they can be use a certain number of time as powerful spell or be use out of battle for certain effect such as the earth jewel which can be use to escape any maze or dungeon . over time two more jewel have be add although they be rarely as important to the plot as the main five . these jewel be also present in the spinoff as well .
62 in game they can be use a certain number of time as powerful spell or be use out of battle for certain effect such as the earth jewel which can be use to escape any maze or dungeon . over time two more jewel have be add although they be rarely as important to the plot as the main five . these jewel be also present in the spinoff as well .
19 a glass of goblanti a night club in cairo art bear on a bicycle bourzi carnac disillusion ghost ship jewel leaf mother and son preference tehuantepec teotihuacán the elephant the hippopotamus the home of the gods the indian rhinoceros the iron pillar of delhi the lizards of tula the mantis the newt the old-fashioned lover the olmec the other baghdad the reaper the saviors the trap thoth-amon s complaint tiger in the rain and xerox the necomonicon be share with hero and hobgoblins only .
27 the 2004 release of the album contain track 2-11 the original release have a different introduction track 1 it be call solstice intro and come in a jewel case with a cover resemble a spiral-bound notebook . this version of the album be vote best album of 2004 by the seattle weekly . 2004 music awards the trophy case .
49 history its arid soil do n’t help in develop an appropriate castro town like in neighbour cividade hill in the parish of terroso despite its rise but a castro village be raise around the 2nd century bc probably a north surveillance post of cividade de terroso . ancient castro jewel be find complete and make its castro important for the jewel history of north-western iberian peninsula .
60 history its arid soil do n’t help in develop an appropriate castro town like in neighbour cividade hill in the parish of terroso despite its rise but a castro village be raise around the 2nd century bc probably a north surveillance post of cividade de terroso . ancient castro jewel be find complete and make its castro important for the jewel history of north-western iberian peninsula .
22 in 1908 two local individual know that ancient artifact be sometimes find in the area decide to investigate the place and discover jewel gold and silver . they decide to take the jewel to a silversmith . the silversmith verify the value and antiquity of the artifact decide to speak with rocha peixoto an archaeologist who be in póvoa de varzim .
32 in 1908 two local individual know that ancient artifact be sometimes find in the area decide to investigate the place and discover jewel gold and silver . they decide to take the jewel to a silversmith . the silversmith verify the value and antiquity of the artifact decide to speak with rocha peixoto an archaeologist who be in póvoa de varzim . rocha peixoto and josé fortes interrogate the finder on the location of the finding .
54 the silversmith verify the value and antiquity of the artifact decide to speak with rocha peixoto an archaeologist who be in póvoa de varzim . rocha peixoto and josé fortes interrogate the finder on the location of the finding . some time later josé fortes publish an article in the portugália state that these jewel be of the castro culture . several people try to find the town that be probably below the sand dune but without success and only a few minor finding be discover . local be know to keep secret what they find .
84 all of the human magic-using major character in the series have high-quality devices specifically design and suit for they which greatly enhance their particular ability . however yūno be uniquely unfortunate in that he do not have one . though he use to possess raising heart it be apparently ill-suited to he as he require incantation to use its ability could not achieve its full activation as a weapon and could not use it successfully in his one on-screen attempt to seal a rampaging jewel seed though he have succeed in capture one seed before that offscreen . after he give the intelligent device to nanoha he never get another . this do not help dispel the idea that he be nanoha s familiar as familiar apparently do not own or use devices .
12 in 2003 the camlin be buy by trendwest resorts to become the jewel in their crown of property world wide . after more than a year and $ 21 million in remodel the camlin be ready to reopen .
17 reiji can be write use different kanji character and can mean 礼二 salute two 玲次 sound of jewel next 怜児 wise newborn babe 麗司 lovely rule
70 the singapore cable car will be close for an overhaul in the third quarter of 2009 and project to finish by the second quarter of 2010 . a new cable car system will be construct to replace the current one which will consist of 67 new cable car cabin as well as a swarovski-encrusted vip cabin . as part of the change the cable car ride will be rebrand as jewel ride . singapore s cable car ride to close for s$ 36m overhaul
49 his subordinate suggest the idea of a false surrender as another han general zhao ponu 趙破奴 previously have do but li ling refuse flatly shut up if i do not die in battle i be not a man he order his troops to destroy the flag and bury the jewel . every soldier be give some food and ice and tell to wait and escape scatter altogether . in midnight the breakout begin but no one be there to even beat the battle drum .
19 the chocolate hills be consider one of philippine s natural wonder and bohol be often refer to as the jewel of the philippines . they be hill make of limestone leftover from coral reef during the ice age when the island be submerge . they turn brown during the summer hence their name .
16 plot summary the hardy brother travel to an arizona ranch and eventually thailand in pursuit of jewel thief who have steal a priceless ruby .
25 plot secret agent george johnson coit albertson recall the story of two orphan girl to a pair of cohort at a paris cafe . angel jewel carmen be adopt by crook who teach she to steal while evelyn virginia valli be the criminally incline girl adopt by a wealthy family . when angel steal a watch from a passenger on the train the man refuse to press charge and enlist she help in his confidence scheme . evelyn be engage to marry the promising author robert ellington leslie austin but the writer fall for angel .
5 cast coit albertson .....george johnson jewel carmen.....the angel leslie austin .....robert ellington virginia valli.....evelyn schofield
24 peaceville classic cuts be a 2001 compilation sampling various artist and genre within the peaceville record label . the compilation come in a slim jewel case and be usually shrink-wrapp with the katatonia album last fair deal gone down .
25 in j be for jewel shortly after have finish the school year on earth elyon be make curious about she birth parent because of the jewel of the crown that trill the maid give to she . she go into the meditation chamber with trill and be able to see trill s memory of she parent . what elyon see make she believe that she parent be horrible people and that they do not love she at all .
53 what elyon see make she believe that she parent be horrible people and that they do not love she at all . meanwhile phobos be free and lead a major attack on the palace . after wake up from she trance and imprison phobos and the knights of vengeance elyon angrily throw the jewel of the crown at trill .
50 nerissa say that she be patiently wait for she chance to obtain elyon s power . the jewel of the crown have be drain she power from she and now that she have give it to nerissa the heart of meridian be hers . nerissa then seal elyon inside the jewel and take she as a captive .
1 the jewel in the crown of the racing calendar be without any doubt the s$ 3 million group 1 singapore airlines international cup saic which be first hold in 2000 in conjunction with the opening of the singapore racecourse at kranji . it be hold in may couple with its sister sprint race the s$ 1 million krisflyer international sprint .
36 the foot 0 m)-high cross be face with wood from canterbury cathedral . brilliant blues red and yellow make up the wall and seem to fill the air . it really be like be inside a jewel say reverend david r. van dyke a co-pastor . when i bring people who have not be here before there be an audible gasp. life magazine april 14 2005
39 soon after his arrival the girl begin investigate property own by the unusual mrs anita allison . they encounter a house with no inside and a hidden tunnel . the property mysteriously catch fire reveal a hidden cache of jewel . nancy trace rishi s parentage and uncover a sinister kidnapping plot involve both the american mrs. anita allison and rai . the climax also reveal a secret about the ivory charm and its mysterious power .
24 an initial series from tres zapotes mexican archaeology series national geographic 1942 origin myth of acoma and other record ba bulletin 135 1942 finding jewel of jade in a mexican swamp with marion stirling national geographic 1942 la venta’s green stone tigers national geographic 1943 stone monument of southern mexico bae bulletin 138 1943
32 fifteen year later they hear that the prince be to marry a turkeyherd . go to see they find the ugly prince argue with the beautiful turkeyherd while she turkey trample the jewel and fine garment he have give she . the fairy talk with she and realize she be the princess . she dress she in fine clothing and go to tell the queen .
15 # wake up my friend # father s secret # a trap with a red jewel # an heiress to property # a guitar to kill
24 cedric lose his power and as he fall he cough up phobos and the seal which separate the heart of zamballa and weira s jewel which still contain the previous guardians and elyon . phobos pass out from exhaustion build up from his fighting to stay alive inside cedric and cedric pass out from the mental stress of defeat . the two comatose villain be then re-imprison .
10 2001 russell haswell live salvage 1997 2000 mego digipak + jewel case compact disc
75 the portuguese who arrive in sri lanka in the early 16th century describe the patabändas patangatim at the time of their arrival as “kinglets subking of the karávas who control not only one village but sometimes the whole coast as a master or ruler ” valignano 1577 . perniola 82 . other portuguese writer joaõ de barrows 1520 and castan heda 1528 refer to five kings station at important coastal town their ear laden with jewel and claim relationship with the king of kotte . ferguson 1506 jrascb xix.283 400 these five king be evidently the patabändas the kinglets of the karávas refer to by other .
48 coalition cavalry harry the fugitive until about 23 00 with gneisenau pursue they as far as genappe before order a halt . there napoleon s abandon carriage be capture still contain diamond leave in the rush . these become part of king friedrich wilhelm of prussia s crown jewel one major keller of the f/15th receive the pour le mérite with oak leaf for the feat . hofschröer 1999 p . 151 by this time 78 gun and 2,000 prisoner have also be take include more general . hofschröer 1999 p . 150
34 slave and cattle form the next most important item . the censor also possess the right of call for a return of such object as have not usually be give in such as clothing jewel and carriage . livy xxxix .44 plutarch life of cato the elder 18 .
38 in the new church or swedenborgianism marriage be consider a sacred covenant between one man one woman and the lord . the doctrine of the new church teach that married love sometime translate conjugal love be the precious jewel of human life and the repository of the christian religion because the love share between a husband and a wife be the source of all peace and joy . married love . see married love 457 marriage be also mean to be eternal and divorce be only allowable when the spiritual union be break by adultery . when a husband and wife work together to become angel in heaven their marriage continue uninterrupted even after the death of their body live together in heaven to eternity .
7 lhamo latso ... is a brilliant azure jewel set in a ring of grey mountain . the elevation and the surround peak combine to give it a highly changeable climate and the continuous passage of cloud and wind create a constantly move pattern on the surface of the waters . on that surface vision appear to those who seek they in the right frame of mind .
46 in some mythological writings brísingamen be assign to frigg . in skáldskaparmál 31 it be write that woman often wear stone-necklace as a part of a woman s apparel to indicate their social status . that be the reason why woman be paraphrase with reference to jewel and agate .
87 it be proper to join tears with all the name of freyja and to call gold by such term and in diver way these periphrase have be vary so that gold be call hail or rain or snow-storm or drops or showers or water fall of freyja s eye or cheeks or brows or eyelid . the prose edda the poesy of skalds or poetical diction 37 snorri s teaching of how freyja and hnoss s name can be use as kenning for fair thing like gold jewel and gem .
14 aesop s fable by aesop the boy who cry wolf the cock and the jewel panchatantra by vishnu sarma also know as kalila and dimna kalilag and damnag the light of canopus fables of bidpai and the morall philosophie of doni baital pachisi also know as vikram and the vampire
49 marcus aurelius encourage the use of blunted weapon in cassius dio roman history bill thayer loeb #p51 71.29.4 . these be the highlight of the day as inventive varied and novel as the editor could afford . armature could be very costly some be flamboyantly decorate with exotic feather jewel and precious metal . increasingly the munus be the editor s gift to spectator who have come to expect the best as their due . futrell 99-100 .
39 caesar de bello alexandrino the alexandrian war . however the geographical study of the location of the historical bibliotheca alexandrina in the neighborhood of bruchion suggest that this store cannot have be the great library . jean-yves empereur alexandria jewel of egypt p . 43 . it be most probable here that these historian confuse the two greek word bibliotheka which mean “set of book ” with bibliotheka which mean library . as a result they think that what have be record earlier concern the burning of some book store near the port constitute the burning of the famous alexandrian library .
104 the continuity of literary and scientific life in alexandria after the destruction of the royal library as well as the flourishing of the city as the world’s center for science and literature between the first and the sixth century ad depend to a large extent on the presence of these two library and the book and reference they contain . thus while it be historically record that the royal library be a private one for the royal family as well as for scientist and researcher the library of the serapeum and cesarion temple be public library accessible to the people . jean-yves empereur alexandria jewel of egypt p . 41 .
59 otherwise plutarch and later historian would not have mention the incident and mistakenly attribute it to julius caesar . it be also most probable that the library be destroy by someone other than caesar although the later generation link the fire that take place in alexandria during caesar’s time to the burning of the bibliotheca . jean-yves empereur alexandria jewel of egypt p . 18 . some believe that the most likely scenario be the destruction that accompany the war between zenobia of palmyra and the roman emperor aurelian in the second half of the third century see below . jean-yves empereur alexandria jewel of egypt p . 44 .
47 jean-yves empereur alexandria jewel of egypt p . 18 . some believe that the most likely scenario be the destruction that accompany the war between zenobia of palmyra and the roman emperor aurelian in the second half of the third century see below . jean-yves empereur alexandria jewel of egypt p . 44 .
3 ostrogothic cultureostrogoth ear jewel metropolitan museum of art of gothic literature in the gothic language we have the bible of ulfilas and some other religious writings and fragment . of gothic legislation in latin we have the edict of theodoric of the year 500 and the variae of cassiodorus may pass as a collection of the state papers of theodoric and his immediate successor .
22 event 539 bc the army of cyrus the great of persia take babylon . 1216 king john of england lose his crown jewel in the wash probably near fosdyke perhaps near sutton bridge 1279 nichiren a japanese buddhist monk founder of nichiren buddhism inscribe the dai-gohonzon 1398 the treaty of salynas be sign between grand duke of lithuania vytautas the great and the teutonic knights who receive samogitia .
42 the attractive mottle of the leaf of lady s slipper from tropical and subtropical asia paphiopedilum be cause by uneven distribution of chlorophyll . also phalaenopsis schilleriana be a pastel pink orchid with leaf spot dark green and light green . the jewel orchid ludisia discolor be grow more for its colorful leaf than its fairly inconspicuous white flower .
11 value of a natural pearl quality natural pearl be very rare jewel . the actual value of a natural pearl be determine in the same way as it would be for other precious gem . the valuation factor include size shape quality of surface orient and luster .
65 after stay all night at his new nightclub in miami vickie tell he she want a divorce which she have be plan since his retirement . further complicate thing jake be charge as an accessory to a crime after introduce under-age girl pose as 21-year-olds to man . he end up serve a jail sentence after fail to raise the bribe money by take the jewel out of his championship belt instead of sell the belt itself . in his cell jake brutally pound the wall as he sit alone cry in despair . return to new york city he meet up with his estranged brother joey in a parking lot where they share a nervous hug.
39 for example both romeo and juliet see the other as light in a surround darkness . romeo describe juliet as be like the sun romeo and juliet ii.ii . brighter than a torch romeo and juliet i.v.42 . a jewel sparkling in the night romeo and juliet i.v.44–45 . and a bright angel among dark cloud . romeo and juliet ii.ii .26–32 .
61 this time egyptian force advance from aswan and capture the nubian town of ibrim . seventeen month after al-adid s death nur ad-din have not take any action regard egypt but expect some return for the 200,000 dinar he have allocate to shirkuh s army which seize the country . saladin pay this debt with 60,000 dinar wonderful manufactured goods some jewel an ass of the finest breed and an elephant . while transport these goods to damascus saladin take the opportunity to ravage the crusader countryside . he do not press an attack against the desert castle but attempt to drive out the muslim bedouins who live in crusader territory with the aim of deprive the frank of guide .
11 mobygames staff ed 2006 . . . games be sell in jewel case jewel case in europe be twice as thick as their north american counterpart possibly to have space for thick multilingual instruction manual .
13 mobygames staff ed 2006 . . . games be sell in jewel case jewel case in europe be twice as thick as their north american counterpart possibly to have space for thick multilingual instruction manual .
67 the reign of the sikh empire be the single biggest catalyst in create a uniquely sikh form of expression with maharajah ranjit singh patronising the building of fort palace bunga residential place college etc that can be say to be of the sikh style . characteristics of sikh architecture be gild flute dome cupola kiosk and stone lantern with an ornate balustrade on square roof . the jewel in the crown of the sikh style be the harmindar sahib .
22 the national aeronautics and space administration s lyndon b. johnson space center nasa jsc locate in southeast houston sit as the crown jewel of texas s aeronautics industry . fort worth host both lockheed martin s aeronautics division and bell helicopter textron . lockheed martin . .
3 novel the dreaming jewel 1950 also publish as the synthetic man more than human 1953 fix-up of three link novella the first and third write around the previously publish baby be three the cosmic rape 1958 abridged version publish as to marry medusa
51 the blade cross-section be hexagonal with no fuller . on the flat of the blade near the hilt be a triforce symbol etch into the steel or emblazon in gold . it have a blue or purple curved crossguard in the shape of a pair of wing with a small yellow jewel where it meet the hilt . the hilt be often pad red with a non-ornate blue pommel . since the wind waker the master sword s blade glows white when it be swing in-game .
24 fourth tale ii 4 landolfo ruffolo be reduce to poverty turn corsair be capture by genoese be shipwreck escape on a chest full of jewel and be cast ashore at corfu be hospitably entertain by a woman and return home wealthy .
25 thalberg reunite browning with lon chaney for the unholy three 1925 the story of three circus performer who concoct a scheme to con and steal jewel from rich people use disguise . browning s circus experience show in his sympathetic portrayal of the antihero . the film be a resound success so much so that it be later remake in 1930 as lon chaney s first and only talkie .
4 satyam have become a jewel in the city of hyderabad with 15 office in and around hyderabad and secunderabad cities . more than 20,000 employee be work for satyam in twin city .
42 the king admit that he be powerless to save his friend and beg the grand inquisitor to forget about the whole discussion . the grand inqusitor reply we will see and leave . elisabeth enter alarm at the apparent theft of she jewel casket but the king produce it and point to the portrait of don carlos which it contain and accuse she of adultery . she protest she innocence and when the king threaten she she faint . he call for help .
5 act 3 chorus “bring the jewel at once” duet between pasquale and norina “dear wife may i ask” duet between pasquale and the doctor “softly in the dark . ” change of scene ernesto’s serenade “as luna laugh in the fragrant night ” duet between ernesto and norina “do i read in your look “ finale “ heaven what do you say
16 anne boleyn preside over a magnificent court . she spend lavish amount of money on gown jewel head-dress ostrich-feather fan ride equipment furniture and upholstery maintain the ostentatious display require by she status . numerous palace be renovate to suit she and henry s extravagant taste . ives pp .
57 doctor otternschlag lewis stone a disfigured veteran of world war i and a permanent resident of the grand hotel in berlin wryly observe people come and go . nothing ever happen after which a great deal transpire . baron felix von geigern john barrymore who squander his fortune and support himself as a card player and occasional jewel thief befriend otto kringelein lionel barrymore a meek accountant who have discover he be die have decide to spend his remain day in the lap of luxury . kringelein s former employer industrialist general director preysing wallace beery be at the hotel to close an important deal and he hire stenographer flaemmchen joan crawford to assist he . she aspire to be an actress and show preyse some magazine photo for which she pose imply she be willing to offer he more than type if he be willing to help advance she career .
9 the follow morning a repentant baron return grusinskaya s jewel but she be unfaze by his crime . instead she invite he to accompany she to vienna an offer he readily accept .
48 his novellum les revenentes 1972 be a complementary univocalic piece in which the letter e be the only vowel use . this constraint affect even the title which would conventionally be spell revenantes . an english translation by ian monk be publish in 1996 as the exeter text jewel secret sex in the collection three .
59 primitive quendian split into common eldarin and the many avari language . the etymology publish in the lost road and other writings and also later etymological essays often derive term common to eldarin language to primitive quendian basis and a list of some primitive quendian word be give in an essay quendi and eldar in the war of the jewel . primitive quendian page at ardalambion
50 each suspender cable be engineer and cut to precise length and be loop over the cable band . in some bridge where the tower be close to or on the shore the suspender cable may be apply only to the central span . early suspender cable be fit with zinc jewel and a set of steel washer which form the support for the deck . modern suspender cable carry a shackle-type fitting . # special lift host attach to the suspenders or from the main cable be use to lift prefabricate section of bridge deck to the proper level provide that the local condition allow the section to be carry below the bridge by barge or other means .
17 during his last decade holbein paint a number of miniature small portrait wear as a kind of jewel . his miniature technique derive from the medieval art of manuscript illumination . his small panel portrait of henry viii show an inter-penetration between his panel and miniature painting .
31 1999-02-03 . . star trek voyager “gravity ” represent as a pendant of yellow and white gold with a circle and triangle rest upon each other and adorn with a white jewel in the center .
28 extend over 4,000 mile the route enable people to transport goods especially luxury such as slave silk satin and other fine fabric musk other perfume spice and medicine jewel glassware and even rhubarb as well as serve as a conduit for the spread of knowledge idea culture and disease wood francis 2002 . . the silk road two thousand year in the heart of asia
40 most appealing element of these daredevil girl sleuth adventure book be secretly of this kind tea and fancy cake romantic setting food eat in quaint place never a ho-jo s delicious pause that refresh old-fashioned picnic in the wood precious jewel and heirloom .... the word dainty be a subversive affirmation of a feminized universe . mason 1995 60 .
46 or more specifically accord to morticia thing thing . actually thing t. thing she finally clarify . at least one other thing be show on-screen when lady fingers leave ms. von schlepp s service she be replace with esmeralda a rather hideous-looking old female claw with jewel and nasty black pointy fingernail . it would appear that thing be fairly common amongst the family s odd associate .
71 columbia rank 14th in businessweek magazine s 2009 list of the 40 strongest metro economy in the nation . forbes also name columbia as one of the nation s top 100 city for job in its 2008 listing . bizjournal rank columbia 25th of 105 medium-sized labor market for young adult job seeker bizjournal rank of medium metro for young adult job seeker and 15th of 77 metropolitan area in its jewel of the sunbelt ranking which rank city accord to blend of comfortable lifestyle and warm weather . bizjournal which city be the jewel of the sunbelt bizjournals.com inc.com s 2008 boomtown ranking which be base on job-growth datum as supply by the u.s. bureau of labor statistics list columbia 19th among midsized metropolitan area nationwide .
75 forbes also name columbia as one of the nation s top 100 city for job in its 2008 listing . bizjournal rank columbia 25th of 105 medium-sized labor market for young adult job seeker bizjournal rank of medium metro for young adult job seeker and 15th of 77 metropolitan area in its jewel of the sunbelt ranking which rank city accord to blend of comfortable lifestyle and warm weather . bizjournal which city be the jewel of the sunbelt bizjournals.com inc.com s 2008 boomtown ranking which be base on job-growth datum as supply by the u.s. bureau of labor statistics list columbia 19th among midsized metropolitan area nationwide . small business resources for the entrepreneur from inc.com policom a company that specialize in study the dynamics of local economy place the columbia metropolitan region in the top 20th percentile among the 361 u.s. census bureau-designated metropolitan statistical area nationwide and first among metropolitan area in the state in its 2008 economic strength ranking .
39 ... e.r.b. s universe be no harder to reach than any other and mars be in its usual orbit . but that do not mean that you will find jolly green giants and gorgeous red princess dress only in jewel . unless invite you be likely to find a potemkin village illusion tailor to your subconscious ....
55 when the empress wear the new cage crinoline in 1855 european fashion follow suit and when she abandon vast skirt at the end of the 1860s at the encouragement of she legendary couturier charles worth the silhouette of woman s dress follow she lead again . eugénie s aristocratic elegance splendour of dress and legendary jewel be well document in innumerable painting especially by she favourite portraitist winterhalter . she interest in the life of marie antoinette of austria spark a fashion for furniture and interior design in the neoclassical style popular during the reign of louis xvi of france .
43 contrary to popular belief he do not leave the crown jewels to the prince of wales afterwards george iv of the united kingdom . all his property be entrust to monsignor angelo cesarini for distribution . cesarini send the prince of wales several jewel from henry s private collection . these include a lesser george think to have be wear by charles i at his execution and now at windsor castle and a st andrew s cross now at edinburgh castle in edinburgh which be insignia of the order of the garter and the thistle and also a ruby ring .
48 tianlong chinese 天龍 celestial dragon that guard heavenly palace and pull divine chariot also a name for draco constellation shenlong chinese 神龍 thunder god that control the weather appearance of a human head dragon s body and drum-like stomach fucanglong chinese 伏藏龍 underworld guardian of precious metal and jewel associate with volcano dilong chinese 地龍 controller of river and sea also a name for earthworm yinglong chinese 應龍 wing dragon associate with rain and flood use by huangdi to kill chi you
20 dillion nancy august 10 2008 . . lewis 48 be now an actor and have a role in the upcoming jewel heist movie 62 pickup star comedian eddie griffin . his carl lewis foundation help youth and family get and stay fit . verification need
76 during the month of separation from their parent and sister tatiana olga anastasia and lady in wait busy themselves sew precious stone and jewelry into their clothing hope to hide they from their captor since alexandra have write she nicholas and maria have be heavily search upon arrival in ekaterinburg and item confiscate . a letter from demidova to tegleva give the instruction on how to deal with the medicines a predetermined code name for the jewel . last day of the romanovs robert wilton p.30 . the concealment be successful as the bolsheviks be never aware of the jewel in the clothes until after the execution .
45 a letter from demidova to tegleva give the instruction on how to deal with the medicines a predetermined code name for the jewel . last day of the romanovs robert wilton p.30 . the concealment be successful as the bolsheviks be never aware of the jewel in the clothes until after the execution . fall of the romanov steinberg and krustalev p.359-362
61 at that point the gunman have to leave the room because of smoke and toxic fume from their gun and plaster dust their bullet have release from the wall . after allow the haze to clear for several minute the gunman return . dr botkin be kill and a gunman name ermakov repeatedly try to shoot tsarevich alexei but fail because jewel sew into the boy s clothes shield he . ermakov try to stab alexei with a bayonet but fail again and finally yurovsky fire two shot into the boy s head . yurovsky and ermakov then approach olga and tatiana who be crouch against the room s rear wall .
9 between right and leave the bride approach in holy jewel and festive garment .. .
21 in order to achieve a return to his homeland he renounce any claim to the throne and to italy s crown jewel . he publicly assure the italian government that the nation and the crown property confiscate by the state in 1946 are no longer ours refer to the house of savoy . for that matter we have no claim on the crown jewel he say .
63 in order to achieve a return to his homeland he renounce any claim to the throne and to italy s crown jewel . he publicly assure the italian government that the nation and the crown property confiscate by the state in 1946 are no longer ours refer to the house of savoy . for that matter we have no claim on the crown jewel he say . we have nothing in italy and we be not ask for anything . vittorio emanuele also drop his case at the european court of human rights .
10 ismailia museum ismailia karanis site museum fayoum kasr qasr el-gawhara jewel palace cairo kharga museum el kharga library of alexandria museum alexandria
65 the weirdstone of brisingamen be a child s fantasy novel by english author alan garner first publish in 1960 . the novel be set in and around macclesfield and alderley edge in cheshire and tell the story of two child colin and susan who be stay with some old friend of their mother s while their parent be overseas . susan possess a small tear-shaped jewel hold in a bracelet unknown to she this be the weirdstone of the title . as its nature be reveal the child become hunt by the minion of the dark spirit nastrond who century before have be defeat and banish by a powerful king . the child also have to compete with the wicked shapeshifting sorceress selina place and the evil wizard grimnir each of whom wish to possess the weirdstone for themselves .
92 the cave be seal by powerful white magic which would both defend fundindelve from evil as the age pass and also prevent the warrior and their horse from age . when the time be ripe and the world once more in mortal peril it be prophesise that this small band of warrior would ride out from the hill trust in their purity of heart to defeat nastrond for good . fundindelve be provide with a guardian the ancient wizard cadellin silverbrow and the heart of the white magic be seal inside a jewel the weirdstone of brisingamen .
69 this be the native home of anna rustung . anna raise a complaint against bothwell which be enforce by she powerful family she cousin erik rosenkrantz a high-level official in norway remand bothwell to a local prison whilst anna sue he for abandonment and return of she dowry . report of the court case be impressive with anna have be describe as wear a majestic red dress and impressive jewel . anna must have have a soft spot in she heart for bothwell as he persuade she to take custody of his ship as compensation . bothwell would have be release but the king of denmark frederick have hear that the english crown be seek bothwell for the alleged murder of king henry and decide to take he into custody in denmark .
21 william marshal also have 2 appearance in the historical romance novel the falcon and the flower and the dragon and the jewel by author virginia henley .
48 lindisfarne gospels british library . retrieve 2008-03-21 current scholarship indicate a date around 715 and it be believe they be produce in honour of st . cuthbert . the gospels be richly illustrate in the insular style and be originally encase in a fine leather binding cover with jewel and metal make by billfrith the anchorite in the 8th century . during the viking raid on lindisfarne however this cover be lose and a replacement make in 1852 . let gospels come home sunderland echo 2006-09-22 .
17 charles wear an equally splendid crown accompany by a golden gown encrust with diamond pearl and great jewel . the parade the street line with tapestry hang from house the feasting the masque and allegorical entertainment the jewel impress all observer as the marriage of the century . it be reenact at bruge for tourist every five year with the next event in 2012 the last one have take place in august 2007 .
37 charles wear an equally splendid crown accompany by a golden gown encrust with diamond pearl and great jewel . the parade the street line with tapestry hang from house the feasting the masque and allegorical entertainment the jewel impress all observer as the marriage of the century . it be reenact at bruge for tourist every five year with the next event in 2012 the last one have take place in august 2007 .
57 the garter be wear on ceremonial occasion around the left calf by knight and around the left arm by lady and be depict on several insignia . the garter be a buckled dark-blue originally light-blue velvet strap and bear the motto in gold letter . the garter of stranger knights and ladies be once set with several jewel .
84 the star which be wear pin to the left breast be introduce in the 17th century by king charles i and be a colourfully enamel depiction of the heraldic shield of st george s cross encircle by the garter which be itself encircle by an eight-point silver badge . each point be depict as a cluster of ray with the four point of the cardinal direction longer than the intermediate one . the star of stranger knights and ladies be once set with several jewel . since the order of the garter be the senior order of the united kingdom a member will wear its star above the other up to three that he or she hold . the riband be a four inch 10.16 cm)-wide sash wear over the left shoulder or pin beneath it to the right hip and be introduce in the 17th century by king charles i. the riband s colour have vary over the year it be originally light blue but be a dark shade under the hanoverian monarch .
10 perfumes be the most pointless of luxury for pearl and jewel be at least pass on the one s heir and clothes last for a time but perfume lose their fragrance and perish as soon as they be use .
27 she attend to she hair with comb and mirror . the mirror be sometimes hold by a demon or a putto . other symbol of vanity include jewel gold coin a purse and often by the figure of death himself .
18 other economic zone include the china-pakistan economic zone open only to chinese investor and also the future crown jewel of pakistan gwadar .
24 the big man info on bokassa and other african ruler werner herzog s documentary film on bokassa amusing story about emperor bokassa s crown jewel jean-barthelemy bokassa s blog about his first book diamond of treason deal with jean-bedel and martine bokassa jean-bedel bokassa video interview while exile at abidjan in 1983 french
48 after be kick off of a bus for not have ticket they decide to hitchhike there . jay and silent bob stop at a local mooby s restaurant whereupon jay fall victim to love at first sight the object of his attention be justice shannon elizabeth an international jewel thief pose as an animal rights activist . justice offer they a ride under the pretense that they be travel cross country to release animal from an animal testing facility much to the chagrin of she partner chrissy ali larter missy jennifer schwalbach smith and sissy eliza dushku .
20 at this point justice enter the set to confess she love for jay and admit she profession as a professional jewel thief . a nonchalant jay forgive she and they kiss . willenholly reappear with a shotgun soon follow by missy chrissy and sissy .
25 accord to information display in the church of st peter belaugh in 1695 richard slater a servant at the village s rectory steal money and jewel from the church and bury they in the rectory garden . when he later return to dig up the stash he be discover by the rector . in the scuffle that follow the thief drown in the river .
25 iconographysculpture of lakshmi physically goddess lakshmi be describe as a fair lady with four arm stand upon a lotus dress in fine garment and precious jewel bestow coin of prosperity and flank by elephant signify she royal power . however in some text she have an owl as she vahana . she expression be always calm and loving .
20 govinda-mohini she who mystify govinda govinda-sarvasva one to whom govinda be the all-in-all or everything . sarva-kanta shiromani the crown jewel of all krishna s consort krishnamayi the one who see krishna both within and without madan-mohan-mohini within gaudiya tradition krishna as the supreme person be believe to be the enchanter of all live being include even kamadeva madan the god of attraction .
13 on makarasankranti every year without fail miraculous event occur . firstly as the jewel thiruvaabaranam of the lord be transport from the old pandalam palace to sabarimala a krishnaparanth holy garuda an eagle the vehicle of lord vishnu circle above the precious jewel in fact guard they like a protector . this rare eagle be rarely see in the midst of people for a long period of time yet the auspicious bird follow the thiruvaabaranam procession finally circle above sanithanam at sabarimala nine time as it pay its respects to lord ayyappan . during this time there be not a single star in the sky except for a special nakshatram .
42 on makarasankranti every year without fail miraculous event occur . firstly as the jewel thiruvaabaranam of the lord be transport from the old pandalam palace to sabarimala a krishnaparanth holy garuda an eagle the vehicle of lord vishnu circle above the precious jewel in fact guard they like a protector . this rare eagle be rarely see in the midst of people for a long period of time yet the auspicious bird follow the thiruvaabaranam procession finally circle above sanithanam at sabarimala nine time as it pay its respects to lord ayyappan . during this time there be not a single star in the sky except for a special nakshatram .
63 this rare eagle be rarely see in the midst of people for a long period of time yet the auspicious bird follow the thiruvaabaranam procession finally circle above sanithanam at sabarimala nine time as it pay its respects to lord ayyappan . during this time there be not a single star in the sky except for a special nakshatram . as the beautiful jewel be place on the golden body of the lord within the temple the several hundred thousand devotee outside cram into any available free space chant swamiye saranam ayyappa . when the jewel be finally all adorn on the lord the nakshatram in the sky miraculously disappear as all the devas and celestial being leave the sky to get a glimpse of the lord in all his splendor . within moment of the lord be adorn with the thiruvabaranam an effulgence divya jyoti appear in the opposite hill of shabarimala appear 3 time .
53 during this time there be not a single star in the sky except for a special nakshatram . as the beautiful jewel be place on the golden body of the lord within the temple the several hundred thousand devotee outside cram into any available free space chant swamiye saranam ayyappa . when the jewel be finally all adorn on the lord the nakshatram in the sky miraculously disappear as all the devas and celestial being leave the sky to get a glimpse of the lord in all his splendor . within moment of the lord be adorn with the thiruvabaranam an effulgence divya jyoti appear in the opposite hill of shabarimala appear 3 time . this hill be call ponnambalamedu .
80 the entire hillside reverberate with the chant swamiye sharanam ayyappa as the devotee witness this auspicious darshan as the devas and celestial rishis arrive at sabarimala to participate in birthday celebration of ayyappan effulgence . these auspicious sight be different form of the lord himself appear . the devotee then climb the 18 holy gold step to arrive at the sanidhanam where they finally get a glimpse of the lord as himself in all beauty manikanta shri dharmasastha adorn with jewel . it be believe that if one witness these event after have undertake 41 day of severe austerity vratham one can attain moksha . citation need
66 suzanne beat both of they up effortlessly and jay and silent bob assume the role of their character bluntman and chronic . be force into their costume and throw on stage they must engage in a duel with cock-knocker mark hamill eventually take a break from the scene when willenholly interrupt to capture jay and silent bob . during this final scene justice and she former jewel thief team arrive and a climactic final battle ensue after which jay and silent bob get their royalty to the film and justice turn herself and she former team in to willenholly in exchange for a shorter sentence and let jay and silent bob go .
12 saudi airlines official website ahlan wasahlan inflight magazine saudi arabian airlines the jewel of the middle east boe
1 of jewel the amethyst of heavenly body mercury the planet mercury be further associate with the element mercury or quicksilver in traditional alchemical/occultistic lore
36 verrry eeen-ter-es-ting say by arte johnson as nazi soldier wolfgang spy from behind a potted plant a six-note pattern precede a code-word or punchline to an off-color joke such as do-doo-doo-da-do-doo ... smack or ... family jewel sometimes extend to 18 note by repeat the gggdec pattern two more time before the code-word . this same musical phrase have be use as a signature at the end of many piece play by spike jones and his city slicker .
53 as the ranching operation grow and prosper they begin to raise hay in the lower temperate valley to feed the cattle in the winter . from spring till fall the cowboy would tend the cattle up in the high country of the sierras . in this dry mountain area there be many lush jewel of mountain meadow of heart-tugging beauty in every direction from lake isabella . the kern plateau be directly ne of lake isabella and vary from foot 0 m to foot 0 m elevation . it have tall timber many stream and much vegatation useful for cattle graze .
45 developers build a major local shopping center the quarry mall on land vacate by the decline motor freight company in 1992 . several auto dealership restaurant a movie theater and an off track betting otb establishment be also attract to the development . the crown jewel of the enterprise zone however be the united parcel service ups package sort facility build in 1991 .
24 history great bend be on the southwest side of cheyenne bottoms which be the largest inland wetland in the united states . cheyenne bottom jewel of the prairie cheyennebottom .net retrieve february 10 2009 greyhound racing get its start in the united states in the bottom in 1887 during a formal coursing event . history of the greyhound and greyhound racing the greyhound review february 2006
60 these feast be much more than simply isolate event within the year . feast festa in italian be an umbrella term for the various secular and religious indoor and outdoor activity surround a religious holiday . typically italian feast consist of festive communal meal religious service game of chance and skill and elaborate outdoor procession consist of statue resplendent in jewel and donation . this merriment usually take place over the course of several day and be communally prepare by a church community or a religious organization over the course of several month .
23 bartolomé de las casas later attribute the follow speech to hatuey . he show the taíno of caobana a basket of gold and jewel say here be the god the spaniards worship . for these they fight and kill for these they persecute we and that be why we have to throw they into the sea...
4 forest hills be a jewel in the east of pittsburgh . it be know for its recreation and family orient program and maintain 25 % of its space for public park and recreation facility . it have several baseball field a pool tennis and basketball court a library senior center and space for community group to meet .
10 the city be know for be the birthplace of singer-songwriter jewel and novelist gerald n. kappler . payson be the setting of the 1975 child s movie banjo the woodpile cat . it tell of a cat who leave his woodpile home on his owner s farm for the urban life of salt lake city and then return to payson with his new and old friend .
58 in the 14th century when strand be paved as far as the savoy it be the vast riverside london residence of john of gaunt richard ii s uncle and the nation s power broker . the savoy be the most magnificent nobleman s mansion in england . it be famous for its owner s magnificent collection of tapestry jewel and ornament . geoffrey chaucer begin write the canterbury tales while work at the savoy palace as a clerk . richard d'oyly carte lyric opera san diego website
5 see also church committee family jewel central intelligence agency operation mockingbird further read helms richard with william hood .
81 nevertheless the huguenots gather together a formidable army under the command of condé aid by force from south-east france lead by paul de mouvans and a contingent of fellow protestant militia from germany — include 14,000 mercenary reiter lead by the calvinist duke of zweibrücken . jouanna p.181 . after the duke be kill in action his troops remain under the employ of the huguenots who have raise a loan from england against the security of the queen of navarre’s crown jewel knecht french civil wars p151 . much of the huguenots financing come from queen elizabeth of england who be likely influence in the matter by sir francis walsingham . the catholics be command by the duke d'anjou later king henry iii and assist by troops from spain the papal states and the grand duchy of tuscany .
69 he have spend enormous sum in build a magnificent château on his estate of vaux-le-vicomte which in extent magnificence and splendour of decoration be a forecast of versailles and where he bring together three artist that the king would later take up for versailles the architect louis le vau the painter charles le brun and the garden designer andré le nôtre . here he gather the rarest manuscript painting jewel and antique in profusion and above all surround himself with artist and author . the table be open to all people of quality and the kitchen be preside over by françois vatel . jean de la fontaine corneille and paul scarron be a few of the many artist who enjoy his patronage .
57 it be shape like a basilica two sarcophagus stand next to each other with the third sarcophagus rest on their roof ridge . the end be completely cover so there be no space visible between the sarcophagus . the basic structure be make of wood with gold and silver overlay decorate with filigree enamel and over 1000 jewel and bead . the latter include a large number of cameo and intaglio piece some pre-christian .
69 one of the fabergé piece display be a replica of a 4th century bc gold bangle from the scythian treasure in the hermitage . the tsar declare that he could not distinguish the fabergés work from the original and order that object by the house of fabergé should be display in the hermitage as example of superb contemporary russian craftsmanship . the house of fabergé with its range of jewel be now within the focus of russia’s imperial court .
19 stand song the title of that album s second single stand r.e.m. song a 1988 song by r.e.m. stand jewel song a 2003 song by jewel stand a song by poison from their 1993 album native tongue stand album a 2006 album by michael w. smith
25 stand song the title of that album s second single stand r.e.m. song a 1988 song by r.e.m. stand jewel song a 2003 song by jewel stand a song by poison from their 1993 album native tongue stand album a 2006 album by michael w. smith
56 aston 1896 1:52-53 this sword from the dragon s tail the ama-no-murakumo-no-tsurugi sword of the gathering clouds of heaven or the kusanagi-no-tsurugi grasscutter sword be present by susano’o to amaterasu as a reconciliation gift . accord to legend she bequeath it to she descendant ninigi along with the yata no kagami mirror and yasakani no magatama jewel or orb . this sacred sword mirror and jewel collectively become the three imperial regalia of japan .
62 this sword from the dragon s tail the ama-no-murakumo-no-tsurugi sword of the gathering clouds of heaven or the kusanagi-no-tsurugi grasscutter sword be present by susano’o to amaterasu as a reconciliation gift . accord to legend she bequeath it to she descendant ninigi along with the yata no kagami mirror and yasakani no magatama jewel or orb . this sacred sword mirror and jewel collectively become the three imperial regalia of japan .
43 british-russian rivalry in afghanistan main article european influence in afghanistanpolitical cartoon depict the afghan emir sher ali with his friends the russian bear british lion 1878 . from the british perspective the russian empire s expansion into central asia threaten to destroy the jewel in the crown of the british empire india . as the tsar s troops begin to subdue one khanate after another the british fear that afghanistan would become a staging post for a russian invasion of india .
32 his mummy be not securely hide away for towards the close of the 20th dynasty it be tear out of the coffin by robber who strip it and rifle it of the jewel with which it be cover injure it in their haste to carry away the spoil . it be subsequently re-inter and have remain undisturbed until the present day but before re-burial some renovation of the wrapping be necessary and as portion of the body have become loose the restorer in order to give the mummy the necessary firmness compress it between four oar-shaped slip of wood paint white and place three inside the wrapping and one outside under the band which confine the winding-sheet . maspero gaston .
15 reference external links arboretum of tervuren this web site let you discover one of the jewel of the green crown of brussels the geographic arboretum of tervuren . tervuren wikus a wikus cover tervuren . official tervuren official website only available in dutch
0 jewel megan miyahira ren s best friend from the first episode of even stevens . after swap.com jewel be not see or mention again .
17 jewel megan miyahira ren s best friend from the first episode of even stevens . after swap.com jewel be not see or mention again .
24 it be noteworthy that all previous order be cross or share a clear christian background whereas the légion be a secular institution . the jewel of the legion have five arm .
67 it be think that rajah humabon and datu lapu-lapu have be fight for control of the flourish trade in the area . on april 27 the battle of mactan occur where the spaniard be defeat and magellan kill by tribe in mactan island . accord to italian historian and chronicler antonio pigafetta magellan s body be never recover despite effort to trade for it with spice and jewel . magellan s second in command juan sebastián elcano take his place as captain of the expedition and sail their fleet back to spain circumnavigate the world .
53 follow the dagor bragollach a man name beren flee to doriath drive by a destiny that thwart even melian s power and lúthien thingol s daughter fall in love with he . thingol do not wish they to marry consider beren unworthy of lúthien . he demand as a bride-price a silmaril which jewel be at that time set in morgoth s crown think it would be death even to make the attempt to recover they .
25 thingol think to place the silmaril into the necklace and hire the dwarf of nogrod to do so . the dwarven craftsman also covet the jewel and see that it be by their skill that the piece be make see no reason to give it up willingly . thingol become enraged declare that he be of the first eldar to set off on the great journey and that they be guest in his realm . after all he be king of doriath and high-king of all beleriand
14 may 17 andrea corr singer the corrs may 18 chantal kreviazuk singer-songwriter may 23 jewel singer may 30 cee-lo green singer june 1 alanis morissette singer-songwriter
9 firestarter the prodigy flagpole sitta harvey danger foolish games jewel go away the offspr good riddance time of your life green day
166 the important work which have perish include the uncompleted chalice intend for clement vii a gold cover for a prayer-book as a gift from pope paul iii to charles v holy roman emperor both describe at length in his autobiography large silver statue of jupiter vulcan and mars work for francis i during his sojourn in paris a bust of julius caesar and a silver cup for the cardinal of ferrara . the magnificent gold button or morse a clasp for a cape make by cellini for the cape of clement vii the competition for which be so graphically describe in his autobiography appear to have be sacrifice by pope pius vi with many other priceless specimen of the goldsmith s art in furnish the 30,000,000 franc demand by napoleon at the conclusion of the campaign against the state of the church in 1797 . accord to the term of the treaty the pope be permit to pay a third of that sum in plate and jewel . fortunately there be in the print room of the british museum three watercolour drawing of this splendid morse by f. bertoli do at the instance of an englishman name talman in the first half of the 18th century . the obverse and reverse as well as the rim be draw full size and moreover the morse with the precious stone set therein include a diamond then consider the second largest in the world be fully describe .
55 after she son assume the throne princess charlotte move to live at le marchais the grimaldi estate outside of paris . despite the objection of she child who fear for she safety she turn the estate into a rehabilitation centre for ex-convict . she live at the estate with she lover a note french former jewel thief name rené girier and nickname rené la canne rené the cane .
46 the peoples of middle-earth . the firebeards together with their neighbouring clan the broadbeams then delved for themselves great hall and mansion after the manner of their kin on the east side of eryd luin north and south of mount dolmed . the war of the jewel .
28 by v. y 1250 both clan have establish contact with the sindar of beleriand and soon there be much parley between the people . the war of the jewel . this contact quickly lead to further co-operation between the two race although portentously it be the broadbeam who play a part in the delving of menegroth at the behest of king thingol 50 valian year later rather than the dwarf of tumumzahar .
99 after the return of the exiled noldor to middle-earth to pursue their war against morgoth the firebeards initially ceased their traffic into beleriand but by f.a 150 they have begin cordial but highly profitable relation with the nearby noldor of caranthir s folk . indeed by the day of the apocalyptic fifth battle the noldor had the help of the naugrim both in armed force and in great store of weapon . . the silmarillion although this may have be because all the traffic of the dwarf-mine pass first through the hand of cranthir(sic . the war of the jewel .
49 maedhros and his survive brother then dwell on amon ereb in east beleriand . when they hear that elwing who have escape from doriath with the silmaril be now live at the havens of sirion . maedhros repent of his deed at doriath counsel against try to regain the jewel by force . but the unfulfilment of the oath come to torment the brother heavily so they send message of friendship but with firm demand to surrender the silmaril . however the people refuse argue that they could not negotiate while their leader and elwing s husband eärendil be away at sea .
64 but the unfulfilment of the oath come to torment the brother heavily so they send message of friendship but with firm demand to surrender the silmaril . however the people refuse argue that they could not negotiate while their leader and elwing s husband eärendil be away at sea . in ys 532 the fëanorians attack sirion — but elwing cast herself and the jewel into the sea and they do not gain what they seek . elwing be ultimately rescue by the power of ulmo and reunite with eärendil in the west . of eärendil and elwing s son elrond and elros maedhros and maglor take captive but treat they gently and kindly .
147 but maedhros answer that if they return to aman but the favour of the valar be withhold from they then their oath would still remain but its fulfilment be beyond all hope and he say who can tell to what dreadful doom we shall come if we disobey the powers in their own land or purpose ever to bring war again into their holy realm yet maglor still hold back say if manwë and varda themselves deny the fulfilment of an oath to which we name they in witness be it not make void and maedhros answer but how shall our voice reach ilúvatar beyond the circle of the world and by ilúvatar we swear in our madness and call the everlasting darkness upon we if we keep not our word . who shall release we improper reference format resign the brother steal the silmaril but the jewel burn their hand because of all the evil deed they have commit . unable to endure the suffering maedhros throw himself and the silmaril that he bear into a fiery chasm of the earth thus end his life .
70 wyke suggest that tindle steal some valuable jewelry and sell it in order to live happily with marguerite while wyke will claim the insurance in order to live happily with teija . when tindle agree wyke offer he a disguise in case of unexpected visitor and dress up as a clown and under wyke s supervision tindle break into wyke s manor house blow open the safe and obtain the jewel .
53 two day later in the evening the eccentric but methodical inspector doppler come to wyke s house announce that he be investigate tindle s disappearance . at first wyke deny ever have have anything to do with tindle but eventually admit to his meeting with he and the game they play involve the jewel . wyke state that he do not really kill tindle but have use blank bullet . his aim be to humiliate the man and teach he that become a member of the gentry require breed rather than just join in .
22 dorothea brooke an intelligent wealthy young woman who aspire to do great work . spurn sign of wealth in the form of jewel or fancy clothes she embark upon project such as redesigning cottage for the tenant of she miserly careless uncle . she can seldom get anyone to take she idea seriously and she decide to marry the reverend edward casaubon many decade she senior in order to help he with the writing of his great research . the marriage be quickly reveal to be a mistake as casaubon do not take she seriously and resent she .
18 another sub-plot be that of the secret affair between miss neville and hastings . neville desperately want she jewel that be leave for she and that be guard by she aunt and tony s mother mrs hardcastle the latter want neville to marry she son to keep the jewel in the family . tony despise constance miss neville and thus agree to steal his mother s jewel for miss neville so she will then flee to france with hastings .
48 another sub-plot be that of the secret affair between miss neville and hastings . neville desperately want she jewel that be leave for she and that be guard by she aunt and tony s mother mrs hardcastle the latter want neville to marry she son to keep the jewel in the family . tony despise constance miss neville and thus agree to steal his mother s jewel for miss neville so she will then flee to france with hastings .
66 another sub-plot be that of the secret affair between miss neville and hastings . neville desperately want she jewel that be leave for she and that be guard by she aunt and tony s mother mrs hardcastle the latter want neville to marry she son to keep the jewel in the family . tony despise constance miss neville and thus agree to steal his mother s jewel for miss neville so she will then flee to france with hastings .
50 the play conclude with kate s plan succeed thus she and marlow become engage . tony discover he be of age despite his mother not tell he so thus he receive the money he be entitle to . he refuse to marry neville who then be eligible to receive she jewel and to get engage to hastings this she do . she stoops to conquer new mermaids edition
50 george hastings a close friend of charles marlow and the admirer of miss constance neville . hastings be also an educate man who care deeply about constance with the intention of flee to france with she . however the young woman make it clear she can not leave without she jewel guard by mrs hardcastle thus the pair and tony collaborate to get hold of the jewel . when hastings realise mr hardcastle s be not an inn he decide not to tell marlow who would thus leave the premise immediately .
66 george hastings a close friend of charles marlow and the admirer of miss constance neville . hastings be also an educate man who care deeply about constance with the intention of flee to france with she . however the young woman make it clear she can not leave without she jewel guard by mrs hardcastle thus the pair and tony collaborate to get hold of the jewel . when hastings realise mr hardcastle s be not an inn he decide not to tell marlow who would thus leave the premise immediately .
57 she be an over-protective mother to tony who she care about but fail to tell he he be of age so he receive £1,500 a year . she behaviour be either over-the-top or far-fetched provide some of the play s comedy . mrs hardcastle be also partly selfish want neville to marry she son to keep the jewel in the family she s blissfully unaware however tony and neville both despise each other and that constance be in fact plan to flee to france with hastings . mrs hardcastle be a contrast to she husband this provide humour in the play s opening . mrs hardcastle love the town and be the only character who be not happy at the end of the play .
28 miss constance neville niece of mrs hardcastle and the woman hastings intend to court . constance despise she cousin tony she be heir to a large fortune of jewel hence she aunt want she to remain in the family and marry tony she be secretly an admirer of george hastings however . neville scheme with hastings and tony to get the jewel so she can then flee to france with she admirer this be essentially one of the sub-plot of she stoops to conquer .
61 miss constance neville niece of mrs hardcastle and the woman hastings intend to court . constance despise she cousin tony she be heir to a large fortune of jewel hence she aunt want she to remain in the family and marry tony she be secretly an admirer of george hastings however . neville scheme with hastings and tony to get the jewel so she can then flee to france with she admirer this be essentially one of the sub-plot of she stoops to conquer .
46 it go on sale late in 1998 and as of this writing 2007 be still on sale available at many retail store and via the internet . the original game come in a box with holographic image . now the game come in a less expensive jewel case or as part of a collection the classic game collection also include computer version of monopoly game the game of life and scrabble .
102 to document their successful worldwide once upon a time tour simple minds release the double-live set live in the city of light in 1987 which be record primarily over two night in paris in 1986 . a double vinyl album with the band s logo in gold lettering over black sleeve make this lp unusual among the band s catalogue along with a 12 x 12 attach giant-sized booklet with state of the art photography of the band s performance and outdoor session picture . this art could not be reproduce faithfully on later cd release an original 1st press on double-fat jewel case and the usa version package in a long box on two separate disc . the simple minds tour promote the work of amnesty international . the album spawn one chart single release a live version of promised you a miracle .
40 alongside recur character the early series feature several actor who later achieve greater fame such as joely richardson the dream 1989 samantha bond the adventure of the cheap flat 1990 christopher eccleston one two buckle my shoe 1992 hermione norris jewel robbery at the grand metropolitan 1993 damian lewis hickory dickory dock 1995 and russell tovey evil under the sun 2001 .
44 julie adams as eve simpson 1987–1993 the cabot cove real estate agent with a great love for man both single and married and the hobby of gossip . she be a good friend of jessica . keith michell as dennis stanton 1988–1993 a former jewel thief turn insurance claim investigator who always solve his case use unusual method and send a copy of the story to his friend jessica afterwards . wayne rogers as charlie garrett 1993–1995 a disreputable private investigator who usually get into trouble and need jessica s help .
16 the packaging for this album be quite unusual . the album come in a normal cd jewel case without a booklet only the cd. on the cd and the back of the case it look like it have be write on with a black permanent marker pen in faux-bootleg style to make it look like it have be pirate . this be an obvious response by the band to the people who leak the original toxicity ii cd.
9 history floyd d. rose an accomplish machinist work on jewel inlay move from durango colorado to reno nevada in 1964 . he be also an amateur guitarist play in local band like q5 . rose s influence include ritchie blackmore and jimi hendrix so he favor an aggressive playing style with lot of use of the tremolo bar . in late 1970 his dissatisfaction with regular fender tremolo bridge lead he to apply his engineering skill to design a new type of tremolo bridge .
11 at the time of his death the nine network be the jewel in the pbl crown . although it have a tough year in 2005 against rival seven network aided largely by we tv hit such as desperate housewife and lost nine still finish the year as the number one network .
44 a royalist prisoner during the next fifteen year taylor s movement be not easily trace . he seem to have be in london during the last week of charles i in 1649 from whom he be say to have receive his watch and some jewel which have ornament the ebony case in which he keep his bible . he have be take prisoner with other royalist while besiege cardigan castle on 4 february 1645 . in 1646 he be find in partnership with two other deprive clergyman keep a school at newton hall in the parish of llanfihangel-aberbythych carmarthenshire .
62 all that she have be soon put on the scale but it do n’t budge . narada start taunt she and threaten she that if she can’t put enough gold or diamond he will be force to auction krishna as a slave to someone else . satyabhama in frantic panic swallow she pride and beg all the other wife to give their jewel . they agree out of love for krishna but alas it be of no use .
52 she finally swallow she pride and appeal to the devote first wife of krishna . rukmini come and with a prayer to she husband put a single leaf of the sacred tulasi on the scale tula . the scale then become all at once so heavy that even after remove all the jewel the scale be weigh down on the side of the tulasi leaf .
136 he be know especially for his performance as king lear and richard iii as well as oedipus ben jonson s volpone and christopher marlowe s tamburlaine . his touring company perform in london during the battle of britain in 1940 and wolfit stage a very successful series of abridged version of shakespeare s play in london during world war ii in the early afternoon for lunchtime audience but he be unpopular with american critic when he take the company to broadway in 1947 . he appear at stratford during the 1950s in his signature role of king lear and be invite to play falstaff at the rsc in 1962 but angrily turn the offer down when he discover that paul scofield would be play lear there at the same time say lear be still the brightest jewel in my crown garry o,connor paul scofield an actor for all season sidgwick jackson 2002 .
86 speer s personal insight into nazi leader themselves be nothing short of remarkable especially since many other nazi and their family choose he as a neutral confidant . speer describe how joseph goebbels wife magda complain about she husband s infidelity and how she in turn have have an affair with one of speer s old friend karl hanke . personally meeting with göring on his estate speer write how the by-then overweight luftwaffe marshal spend his day hunt eat and quite literally play with steal jewel as if they be toy .
73 the forest lawn museum at glendale display art and artifact collect by hubert eaton represent specific location and people from around the world . there be section for india africa the middle east east and southeast asia the united states south america australia and europe . the collection include painting stained glass western bronze sculpture american historical artifact actual example of every coin mention in the bible exact replica of the british crown jewel world cultural artifact and one of the easter island statue rescue from the bottom of a boat where it be use as ballast . it be name hubert .
4 i take a costly jewel from my neck
21 commercially kismayo be connect to bardera and baidoa the nearest large trading city . the port of kismayo have be the jewel of maritime trade in somalia especially to all point south of mogadishu .
42 the tour edition of meteora come in a two disc set . the second disc which be a video cd have the music video for somewhere i belong faint numb and break the habit . this edition also come in a standard jewel case rather than their trademark digipak case .
14 print to compensate for the lack of a physical cd itune can print custom-made jewel case insert as well as song list and album list . after burn a cd from a playlist one can select that playlist and bring up a dialog box with several print option . the user can choose to print either a single album cover for purchase itune album or a compilation cover for user-created playlist .
67 pennsylvania station be name for the pennsylvania railroad prr its builder and original tenant and share its name with several station in other city . the current facility be the substantially remodel underground remnant of a much grander structure design by mckim mead and white and complete in 1910 . the original pennsylvania station be an outstanding masterpiece of the beaux-arts style and one of the architectural jewel of new york city . the station s air rights be option in the 50 s . the option be execute soon after .
102 however for hundred of year papal coronation have traditionally take place in the environs of st . peter s basilica though a number of coronation take place in avignon during the avignon papacy . in 1800 pope pius vii be crown in the crowded church of the benedictine island monastery of san giorgio venice after his late predecessor pope pius vi have be force into temporary exile during napoleon bonaparte s capture of rome . since the french seize the tiara along with the previous pope he be crown with a papier-mâché tiara for which the lady of venice give up their jewel .
52 she live a lonely life not able to be see with the king since no formal presentation have take place . she official sponsor madame de béarn present she to the court at versailles on 22 april 1769 . jeanne be wear a queenly silvery white gown brocade with gold bedeck in jewel send by the king the night before and with huge pannier at the side a dress which have be order especially by richelieu and the likes of which many courtier have claim have never be see before .
31 jeanne be a tremendous triumph . she now wear extravagant gown of great proportion both in creation and cost exhaust the treasury all the more haslip p . 32 the carriage jewel ....reclaim the money from the royal treasury . . with diamond cover she delicate neck and ear she be now the king s maîtresse déclarée . due to she new position at court she make both friend and enemy .
21 since she be now dead and have no know heir the proceeds go to the tribunal de paris . later the jewel she have smuggle out of france to england be sell by auction at christie s in 1795 for the not inconsequential sum of £8,791 4 9d .
12 primitive bubble and stuart ross ed . proper tales press 2000 . jewel in the lotus of the instant anthology toronto small press bookfair 2000 . courier an anthology of concrete poetry house press 2000 . mentor s canon kemeny babineau ed .
44 an armed group of rebel penetrate the palace defens . a fire be start and one of the man seek to kill go-hanazono but the emperor escape . however the intruder manage to steal the three sacred treasure the mirror the sword and the jewel . later a guard find the mirror and a priest find the sword but the location of jewel be not know until the 8th month of bun'an gannen . titsingh pp .
52 a fire be start and one of the man seek to kill go-hanazono but the emperor escape . however the intruder manage to steal the three sacred treasure the mirror the sword and the jewel . later a guard find the mirror and a priest find the sword but the location of jewel be not know until the 8th month of bun'an gannen . titsingh pp . 344-345 .
46 at that time indrabodhi who be the king of the country have no son . he have already empty out his treasury by make offering to the three jewels and give alms to the poor . as a last resort in order to find a wish-fulfilling jewel he embark on a journey with his minister krishnadhara on the great lake . on their return first krishnadhara and later king indrabodhi meet the miraculous child . the king regard he as an answer to his prayer for a son and bring he to the palace where he be give the name padmakara the lotus born .
24 traditionally upon their promotion field marshal be award a decorative baton as a symbol of their rank . the baton be often stud with jewel and inlaid with precious metal .
35 etymology local legend have it that long ago when the vietnamese be fight chinese invader the god send a family of dragon to help defend the land . this family of dragon begin spit out jewel and jade . these jewel turn into the island and islet dot the bay link together to form a great wall against the invader . the people keep their land safe and form what later become the country of vietnam .
39 local legend have it that long ago when the vietnamese be fight chinese invader the god send a family of dragon to help defend the land . this family of dragon begin spit out jewel and jade . these jewel turn into the island and islet dot the bay link together to form a great wall against the invader . the people keep their land safe and form what later become the country of vietnam . after that dragon be interested in peaceful sightseeing of the earth and then decide to live here .
33 the only copy of the album that exist be full length promotional copy . there be two variation one be an acetate promo which have a stick-on label and come in an orange jewel case . the other come in a cardboard sleeve and feature lefton in a t-shirt with a jolly roger on it . though the image display here be the publicize actual album cover no actually produce album in circulation feature it .
77 although many screenplay have feature ghoul the first major motion picture of this theme be the 1933 british film entitle the ghoul . the actor boris karloff play a die egyptologist who possess an occult gem know as the eternal light which he believe will grant immortality if he be bury with it and thereby able to present it to anubis in the afterlife . of course his bickering covetous heir and associate would rather keep the jewel for themselves . karloff vow to rise from his grave and avenge himself against anyone who meddle with his plan and he keep this promise when one of his colleague steal the eternal light after his death .
22 this article be about the 1984 television miniseries . for information about the 1966 novel on which it be base see the jewel in the crown novel or raj quartet . for the fairport convention album see jewel in the crown album
51 broader context accord to the museum of broadcast communications there be a cycle of film and television production which emerge during the first half of the 1980s which seem to indicate britain s grow preoccupation with india empire and a particular aspect of british cultural history . in addition to the jewel in the crown this cycle also include gandhi 1982 heat and dust 1983 and a passage to india 1984 . the trend be spoof on the lenny henry show in the mid-1980 with a mock serial call the jewel in india s passage .
2 see also jewel in the crown be also a song by mike oldfield on his 1998 album tubular bells iii .
50 yoshiko kawashima 川島芳子 kawashima yoshiko 24 may 1907 25 march 1948 be a manchu princess bring up in japan who serve as a spy in the service of the japanese kwantung army and manchukuo . originally name aisin gioro xianyu 愛新覺羅·顯玗 with the courtesy name dongzhen 東珍 literally mean eastern jewel she chinese name be jin bihui 金璧輝 . she be sometimes know in fiction by the pseudonym as the eastern mata hari” . she be execute as a traitor by the kuomintang after the second sino-japanese war .
16 in addition to she design work rambova take on teaching design and sell some of she jewel . she earn more than valentino who have notoriously bad contract deal . leider emily .
3 column also call jewel be a puzzle computer game arcade game and console game with many similarity to tetris . it be first create in 1989 by jay geertsen not geertson as he be erroneously credit in the windows port of hp on the x window system . nathan meyers port it to do chris christensen to macintosh .
23 description the game take place inside a tall rectangular playing area as in tetris . column of three different symbol such as differently-colored jewel appear one at a time at the top of the well and fall to the bottom landing either on the floor or on top of previously-fallen column in 1990 sega genesis and 1992 game gear .
25 occasionally a special column call the magic jewel appear . the magic jewel flash with different color and when it land it destroy all the jewel with the same color as the one underneath it .
51 it have different music sound more like a flute or woodwind especially in lathesis . while the column themselves be update for the genesis version the overall decoration be less like a cartoon in the game gear version and instead more artistically design . a feature be available to change the jewel to fruit square dice or card shape club diamond spade .
19 flash column the player must mine their way through a set number of line to get to a flash jewel at the bottom . it be score by the time it take to achieve this .
49 char and chimney be as their name imply chimney sweep . thelma botkin a m.a.d. agent be send back in time by dr. claw to eliminate char and chimney in order to prevent gadget from be bear . at the same time thelma be dispatch to steal the crown jewel of queen victoria . char and chimney speak in a cockney accent . both appear in #83 gadget s clean sweep .
52 poi sang long procession งานประเพณีปอยส่างลอง this be in fact the celebration of novice ordination which the thai yai tribe people hold to be a highly meritorious occasion . traditionally the candidate-novice his head cleanly shaven and wrap with head-cloth in the burmese style will don a prince-like garment and put on valuable jewel and gem and ride a horse or be carry over the shoulder of a man to the city shrine . on the ordination eve a procession of offering and other necessary personal belongings will be parade through the town street and then place at the monastery where the ordination will take place the next day . it be usually hold during march-may before the buddhist rain retreat period .
15 this legendary sword kusanagi-no-tsurugi along with the yata no kagami mirror and yasakani no magatama jewel or orb be the three sacred imperial regalia of japan .
93 at dr. evil’s seattle headquarters dr. evil be present with a one-eighth-size clone of himself verne troyer whom he call mini-me . number two robert wagner who survive his incineration towards the end of the previous film also reveal the enormous profit they have make by legitimately investing in a previously unknown startup company call starbucks . however dr. evil be unimpressed and unveil his latest evil plan—he have develop a time machine to go back to the sixty and steal austin powers ’ also mike myers mojo a fluid inside his family jewel which be the source of austin s incredible sexual prowess and appeal .
67 it also create income for the local authority through revenue earn from local property tax as well as income earn from the controlled entry . publicity be aim at draw both genuine naturist and also libertine although there be obvious conflicting interest . it hardly reflect the ideal of naturism still espouse in the publicity of the local tourist office cap d'agde brochure but be once the jewel in the crown of french naturism .
24 by the time he be available winger be not . so the producer choose turner . she be busy work on another project the jewel of the nile cause this film to be further delay . all tell peggy sue get marry take almost two year to complete .
37 culturehorse race fort erie race track have host live thoroughbred racing since 1897 . widely regard as one of north america s most picturesque track it have be home to the prince of wales stake the second jewel in canada s triple crown of racing since 1959 .
60 khyber one of the progenitor dragon in novel set in the world of eberron create by keith baker . khyber rule the underworld and his child be the demon and monster of the world . lorn prince of dragons and keeper of the knowledge of the blood race that create the race of the blood and bestower of the blood jewel . black jewels trilogy by anne bishop mayland long who use to be a chinese dragon in tea with the black dragon and twist the rope by r. a. macavoy
64 there even exist an arabic work mujmalu-t-tawarikh which tell a similar tale of a king whose name appear to be a corruption of vikramaditya'.he hold a semi-mythical status in india . the most popular native calendar which happen to be a lunar calendar go after his name . it be widely believe that the great poet in sanskrit mahakavi kalidasa be one of the jewel of his royal court .
40 in the post-independence era oriya fiction assume a new direction . the trend which fakir mohan have start actually develop more after 50’s of last century . gopinath mohanty 1914–1991 surendra mohanty and manoj das 1934– be consider as three jewel of this time . the other significant fiction writer be chandrasekhar rath dr jagannath prasad das shantanu acharya mohapatra nilamani sahoo rabi patnaik debraj lenka tarun kanti mishra krushna prasad mishra akhil mohan patnaik jagadish mohanty kanheilal das . satya mishra ramchandra behera padmaja pal binapani mohanty prativa ray yashodhara mishra and sarojini sahoo be a few writer whose writings have create a new age in the field of fiction .
33 mazu herself be usually depict wear a red robe in painting or mural but in sculpture be always clothe in the jewel-festooned robe of an empress hold either a ceremonial tablet or a jewel staff and wear the easily recognize flat-topped imperial cap with hang bead front and back . ruitenbeek p . 318 the tomb of mazu in matsu village
54 the first spanish contact be in 1565 when a treasure-galleon return to cebu from acapulco mexico be sweep off course and the captain record his awe at the sight of mt . mayon erupt . mount mayon be the most prominent of the several volcano in the province and one of the most famous jewel of the pacific ring of fire its eruption have repeatedly inflict disaster on the province and enrich the survivor . when at peace it be a particularly beautiful mountain . albay have a large amount of rich flat land and agriculture be the largest component of the provincial economy .
70 the wisconsin maritime museum be found in 1970 as the manitowoc submarine memorial association and have since grow to be one of the largest nautical museum in the country it have recently be grant affiliation status with the smithsonian . it have over sq ft 0 m 2 of interactive and stand exhibit explore maritime history with a particular emphasis on the great lakes . perhaps the museum s crown jewel however be the world war two era uss cobia an authentic combat submarine similar to those build in manitowoc during the war . there be daily tour of the vessel which be moor in manitowoc s harbor allow visitor a look at manitowoc s role in the war and building 28 submarine for the u.s. navy .
79 the label also release album from painkiller praxis and laswell’s new project divination an ambient dub project first appear almost as a project title and then an umbrella moniker for release of ambient compilation . additionally a sub-label call strata be create contain five release mostly in what could be deem a more experimental dub/noise/ambient vein . each of these release death cube k cypher 7 azonic and two under his alias automaton come house in a solid black jewel case with the name of the project and album title print on the front .
30 there also exist a one-cd reissue . it be release on 5 september 2005 in the uk and 4 april 2006 in the us. the cd release in the standard jewel case rather than a digipak feature the original album but do not contain the bonus disc . it also exclude the song carnage visors .
47 on 21 nov. to settle with the crown accountant the effect of a fall in the value of money in december to audit the fund belong to the king s officer and in that and the next year he superintend the receipt by the crown of plate jewel bell and the like surrender by dissolve monastery or chantry .
21 in 1572 he help to prepare evidence against the duke of norfolk who nevertheless after his condemnation give he some rich jewel . the affair of mary queen of scot also occasionally occupy his attention . when she arrive in england in 1567 he strongly advise she detention .
56 heimskringla in chapter 1 of the heimskringla book ynglinga saga snorri sturluson refer to the two in an euhemerized account state that freyja have a husband name Óðr two daughter name hnoss and gersemi and that they be so beautiful that their name be use for our most precious possession both of their name literally mean jewel . hollander 1964 14 .
4 in march 2009 a jewel theft be describe as be close to a perfect crime in that despite have dna evidence the police be unable to bring the case to court since the dna belong to one of a pair of identical twin and face with denial by both it could not be prove which of the two be the criminal . himmelreich claudia march 23 2009 . time . .
11 the state reason in the original manga version of the contrary jewel saga be that he need to feel attractive and win any type of confrontation . he here go out of his way to ensure that shampoo do not give he up and demand an expression of love from ukyo purely for ego gratification be satisfy when she concede . although at the end ranma be ´punished ´ when akane hit he through the roof of the cat cafe to be send to the hospital in a full body-cast .
46 until the true source of nut be discover in 1768 it be believe by many to grow on a mythical tree at the bottom of the sea european noble in the sixteenth century would often have the shell of these nut clean and decorate with valuable jewel as collectible for their private gallery . the coco de mer be now a rare protected species .
65 at the time of the golden era of coffee in el salvador santa ana be the most prosperous city in the country . many industrialist who cultivate it live in santa ana and coffee hacienda sprout all around the city generate a surplus of income when coffee price sky-rocket in the latter part of the 19th century . this lead to the construction of architectural jewel such as the gothic cathedral of santa ana and the teatro de santa ana .
9 with respect to tourism the city have old architectural jewel such as catedral de santa ana the cathedral of saint anne alcaldía municipal de santa ana santa ana city hall and the teatro de santa ana santa ana theater .
19 songgwangsa be one of the most important zen buddhist monastery in korea and be consider one of the three jewel temple of korea . it serve as the head temple for the 21st district of the jogye order .
6 haeinsa be one of the three jewel temple of korea and represent dharma or the buddha’s teaching . it be still an active seon practice center in modern time and be the home temple of the influential rev. seongcheol who die in 1993 .
12 . . retrieve 20 june 2007 . news that the patrimony and jewel be be distribute come to the ear of lucy s betrothed who hear from a chattering nurse that lucy have find a nobler bridegroom .
89 marcos s extravagant lifestyle reportedly include five-million-dollar shopping tour in new york rome and copenhagen in 1983 and send a plane to pick up australian white sand for a new beach resort . she purchase a number of property in manhattan in the 1980s include the $ 51-million crown building and the $ 60-million herald centre she decline to purchase the empire state building for $ 750m as she consider it too ostentatious . she new york real estate be later seize and sell along with much of she jewel and most of she 175 piece art collection which include work by michelangelo botticelli and canaletto . she respond to criticism of she extravagance by claim that it be she duty to be some kind of light a star to give the poor guideline . mcneill david 25 february 2006 .
11 photos imelda marcos jewelry-roumeloite collection marcos presidential center imelda s crown jewel to go under the hammer a showcase of extravagance imelda marcos the wit and wisdom of imelda marcos or why filipinos have no sense of irony whatsoever .
41 on this day marry woman wear new silk sari perform puja to a vegetable symbolize the goddess kaveri . the vegetable be usually a cucumber or a coconut wrap in a piece of red silk cloth and decorate with flower and jewel mainly pathak kodava mangalasuthra . this be call the kanni puje . kanni refer to the goddess parvati who incarnate as kaveri .
43 the censor seal help determine a particular print s date . style also be significant . for example kunisada once he change his gō to toyokuni initiate the practice of signed print with a signature in an elongated oval toshidama new year s jewel seal of the utagawa school an unusual cartouche with the zig-zag in the upper right-hand corner . his successor continue this practice .
77 despite these effort though the british government continue to slowly lose their control of the raj . the end of wwii allow india in addition to various other european colony to take advantage of the postwar chaos that have begin to exist in europe during the mid 1940 s . mahatma gandhi india s independence movement leader realize the advantage in conduct a peaceful resistance to the british empire s attempt to retake control of their crown jewel . by become a symbol of both peace and opposition to british imperialism many indian citizen begin to view the british as the cause of india s violence lead to a new find sense of nationalism among its population . with this new wave of indian nationalism gandhi be eventually able to garner the support need to push back the british and create an independent india in 1947 .
73 similar to other british crown the imperial crown of india consist of a circlet top by four cross pattée and four fleur-de-lis . however the arch on top which join at a typical monde and cross point upwards in an asiatic manner instead of curve back downward as other british crown do . it be also the only crown of a british sovereign with eight half-arch in the manner of continental european crown jewel depart from the british tradition of the crown have four half-arch . the reason for this be tradition . the rule surround royal crown be very clear a prince s crown bear 2 half-arch form one arch a king s crown bear 4 half-arch the crown of an emperor bear 8 half-arch .
17 it can be view in the jewel house at the tower of london alongside the other crown jewel .
62 in 1620 he be send on a special embassy to ferdinand ii at vienna to do what he could on behalf of james s daughter elizabeth of bohemia . wotton s devotion to this princess express in his exquisite verse begin you meaner beauty of the night be sincere and unchanging . at his departure the emperor present he with a valuable jewel which wotton receive with due respect but before leave the city he give it to his hostess because he say he would accept no gift from the enemy of the bohemian queen .
47 when go out woman wear a pallum over their shoulder which be hold by a clasp at the shoulder assa 65 . woman of questionable moral or young woman be not permit to wear a stolum and instead wear tunic assa 66 . . wealthy woman wear jewel such as emerald aquamarine opal and pearl as earring necklace ring and sometimes sew onto their shoe and clothing . assa 67 .
48 a cachet ipa kæˈʃeɪ be a seal or mark like a wax seal on an envelope or a mark of authenticity on a product . note that cachet be usually use figuratively to mean marked by excellence distinction or superiority . standard the pirate bury a cache of jewel near the coast . standard live in new york city definitely have a certain cachet . non-standard if your web browser be run slowly try empty the cachet .
58 an anecdote likely invent demonstrate cornelia s devotion to and admiration for she son . when woman friend question cornelia about she mode of dress and personal adornment which be far more simple and understate than be usual for a wealthy roman woman of she rank and station cornelia indicate she two son and say these be my jewel . a large statue on the grounds of the ohio statehouse in columbus entitle these be my jewels make allusion to this story . it be surmount by a figure of cornelia personify the state of ohio with arm wide spread and array before she be the state s jewels military and political leader who contribute to the union cause during the american civil war .
62 the show have a lukewarm start not help by be delay by a nine-week technician strike which black out the itv network . in the light of poor figure the show face the axe but a plea by thames managing director bryan cowgill to other board member save the show . by series three the show have become a hit and the jewel in itv s comedy/drama crown .
67 he be initially perhaps the sanest one in the novel despite his knowledge that the journey to bury his mother s body in jefferson be madness . many people especially vernon tull tend to view darl as strange . he attempt to burn addie in she coffin in the barn in an attempt to put an end to the disgrace to his mother a fate from which jewel save she in order to fulfill she wish . darl be the most articulate character and objective narrator in the book therefore narrate 19 of the 59 chapter . at the end of the novel darl be send to a mental facility in jackson for burn down a barn in the effort to do away with addie s coffin .
2 jewel bundren jewel be the third of the bundren child and be most likely around nineteen year of age . he be a half-brother to the other child and the favorite of addie . he be the illegitimate son of addie and reverend whitfield .
62 after the mule team drown as the family attempt to cross the dangerously flood river anse bargain his child s money as well as jewel s horse to pay for a new team . whereas vardaman equate addie after death with a fish darl represent the situation as it bear on jewel with the phrase jewel s mother be a horse . jewel show a strong work ethic and he highly value independence . he be very subjective and often show strong feeling of anger towards his family and animal .
55 during the ceremony the monk in charge of the ritual walk in front as opposed to hold the tape . by do this the monk help direct the soul of the deceased so that the soul of the deceased arrive at its final destiny . the deceased be bury without any metallic element not even jewel since it be believe that those element contaminate the soul for future reincarnation .
8 jikjisasouth gyeongsang ssanggyesa tongdosa one of the three jewel temple haeinsa one of the three jewel temple busan
13 ssanggyesa tongdosa one of the three jewel temple haeinsa one of the three jewel temple busan beomeosanorth jeolla
7 baengnyeonsa baegyangsa songgwangsa one of the three jewel temple hwaeomsa unjusa national treasure # 312
14 further in the same direction be the coast of the adriatic sea with a jewel of venetian gothic piran . the hill around the nation s second-largest city maribor be renown for their wine-making . even though slovenes tend to consume most of the wine they produce some brand like lutomer have make their appearance abroad .
11 spirit john denver album 1976 spirit willie nelson album 1996 spirit jewel album 1998 spirit eluveitie album 2006 spirit preston reed album 2007
27 in november 1962 lemnitzer be appoint as commander of u.s. forces in europe and as supreme allied commander of nato the us european command be the crown jewel of regional command in january 1963 . arlingtoncemetery .net . .
47 the people in the room can also see he and though tirian can not speak to they they guess that he be a messenger from narnia . a few minute later by narnian time jill and eustace arrive in narnia . they release the king and rescue jewel and puzzle . a band of dwarf be also rescue but because their faith in aslan have be shatter they refuse to help claim the dwarf be for the dwarf . only one dwarf poggin be faithful to tirian aslan and narnia and he join they .
4 in 1977 the crown jewel of the eaton s empire the toronto eaton centre open in downtown toronto replace two previous downtown eaton s store . the massive complex stretch 400 m on several level from dundas to queen street and boast 200 store be anchor at the north end by an immense nine-storey eaton s .
4 besides invent the bright jewel tone and dramatic color combination nowadays associate with thai silk he raise thousand of thailand s poorest people out of poverty make millionaire out of his core group of weaver by give they share of the thai silk company . his endeavour show a profit from its first year of operation . thompson s determination to keep his company cottage-based be significant for the woman who make up the bulk of his work force .
49 it be not a case of “keeping up with the jones’ ” but rather a requirement of the position . family that could not keep up a certain level of luxury be scold by royal officer as not honor their title . such conspicuous consumption manifest itself in dress jewel furniture and especially in the building of mansion and palace .
87 like leguin s later protagonist ged in the farthest shore rocannon have completely consume himself in the quest and in this final act of necessary destruction and killing . he retire with the angyar of the south continent surround by sympathetic people and with a loving woman at his side . when rescuer restrict to relativistic travel below light speed arrive 9 year afterwards they find rocannon dead the people of breyga mourn for their lord and his widow tall and fair-haired wear semley s great blue jewel set in gold at she throat . so he never learn that the league have give that world his name .
37 the construction of the teatro yagüez begin around 1907 the formal inauguration be in 1909 . material such as the cement be import from germany interior ceiling from italy tile and carpet from spain . an architectural jewel the teatro yagüez begin as a neo-baroque style opera house year later turn into a silent movie theater . incorrectly describe as art deco style however the art deco movement develop year after the theater s first construction and later reconstruction .
22 nomenclature orthography etymology the word kailāśā mean crystal in sanskrit . the tibetan name for the mountain be gangs rin-po-che mean precious jewel of snow . another local name for the mountain be tisé tibetan ཏི་སེ ་ mountain which derive from ti tse in the zhang-zhung language mean water peak or river peak . in the jain tradition the mountain be refer to as ashtapada .
7 and i be leave with a lifeless jewel
50 the celestial sphere or celestial orb be the fundamental entity of the cosmological model develop by plato eudoxus aristotle ptolemy copernicus and other . in these celestial model the star and planet be carry around by be embed in rotate sphere make of an aetherial transparent fifth element quintessence like jewel set in orb .
20 daddy beyoncé song a song by beyoncé knowles daddy novel a novel by danielle steel daddy song a song by jewel
32 watson arrive at 221b baker street to find holmes in bed at seven in the evening while billy the page explain that holmes have be hot on the trail of a miss jewel a crown diamond no less worth about £100,000 . he have be disguise as a jobless workman and even as an old woman while pursue the thief across london . he have also not be eat believe that hunger sharpen his wit .
99 also in the room be a wax dummy a remarkable effigy of sherlock holmes seat in a chair near the window . holmes soon emerge from his bedroom and explain that the dummy be a decoy design to fool a would-be gunman much as be do in the adventure of the empty house to which watson allude . holmes it would seem be fully expect an attempt on his life that very evening and he even have watson write down the murderer s name and address just in case the attempt be successful the murderer — and also the jewel thief — be count negretto sylvius of 136 moorside gardens nw not a real address .
113 the modern st . edward s crown still contain much of the original create in 1661 for the coronation of king charles ii as a replacement for the crown destroy by oliver cromwell s order during the english civil war as well as pearl own by queen elizabeth i. constructed of solid gold the crown s design include a base with four cross pattées alternate with four fleur-de-lis within which be a velvet cap with ermine border and two arch above and surmount by a cross all set with 444 precious stone . formerly the latter be hire for each coronation and then detach leave only the frame . however in 1911 the jewel be set permanently .
15 productionoriginal script in the original script lieutenant richard beckwith a drug dealer sell the illegal jewel of sound kill lieutenant lebeque after he threaten to expose beckwith s activity . after escape to the planet s surface with captain kirk mr. spock yeoman rand and six security guard close on his heel he enter a time vortex watch over by the guardians of forever to escape . the time change he effect cause the enterprise to become the condor a pirate vessel .
7 manipura sanskrit मणिपूर maṇipūra call city of jewel be the third primary chakra accord to hindu tradition .
44 rouge the bat ルージュ・ザ・バット rūju za batto be a character in the sonic the hedgehog video game series who be a determine treasure hunter and part-time government agent who plan to make all the gem and treasure of the world hers . she main jewel obsession be the master emerald and chaos emeralds . she make she debut in sonic adventure 2 release june 18 2001 and have be feature in several game follow it .
14 characteristic rouge be depict as a professional treasure hunter devote to the pursuit of jewel . sega 2004 . sonic heroes instruction manual pp . 9 sega 2001 .
36 she first appear try to capture the world s biggest emerald and she eventually do . news about the crisis be spread around about the robbery . she later try to rob another building with another jewel in it although when she enter the building she do not find the jewel she be look for . instead she fall into a trap . gun military man and woman pop out of everywhere although she be not freak out .
50 she first appear try to capture the world s biggest emerald and she eventually do . news about the crisis be spread around about the robbery . she later try to rob another building with another jewel in it although when she enter the building she do not find the jewel she be look for . instead she fall into a trap . gun military man and woman pop out of everywhere although she be not freak out .
7 compete format a single dvd-r disca dvd-r jewel casea cake with 50 verbatim dvd-r disc a dvd recordable format call dvd-ram dvd random access memory predate dvd-r. developed in 1996 dvd-ram be a rewritable optical disc usually encase in a cartridge .
31 upon return home wang lung buy an ox and farm tool and even hire servant to help he work the precious land . in time more child be bear . use jewel o-lan loot from the house in the southern city wang lung be able to buy the house of hwang s remain land . he be eventually able to send his son to school and apprentice one as a merchant . as wang lung become more prosperous he buy a concubine name lotus .
49 the japanese enthronement ceremony by daniel clarence holtom sophia university 1972 and other book regard magatama . some consider they to be an imperial symbol although in fact ownership be widespread throughout all the chieftainship of kofun period japan . it be believe that magatama be popularly wear as jewel for decoration in addition to their religious meaning . in this latter regard they be later largely replace by buddhist prayer bead in the nara period .
55 the most important magatama be the yasakani no magatama 八尺瓊曲玉 also 八坂瓊曲玉 which be part of the imperial regalia of japan add some time around the heian period . the yasakani no magatama stand for benevolence and be one of the three item use in the ceremony of imperial ascension . in japanese mythology the jewel along with the mirror be hang on the tree outside of amaterasu s cave where she have hide to lure she out . it be believe to be a necklace compose of jade magatama stone instead of a solitary gem as depict in popular culture . it be believe to be enshrine in kokyo the japanese imperial palace .
10 the magatama s origin be more controversial . these curve jewel of jadeite be common in kofun period burial and they be common also in korean site of the same age . but magatama be find in yayoi site too and unquestionable true magatama be report also in jomon site in tohoku as early as about 1000 b.c. long before true magatama appear in korea .
16 the oz book describe the emerald city as be build of green glass emerald and other jewel . in the earlier book it be describe as completely green but in later one green be merely the predominate color the building be decorate with gold as well and people add other color to their costume .
67 the white hart hart be an old word for stag be the personal emblem and livery of richard ii who derive it from the arm of his mother joan the fair maid of kent heiress of edmund of woodstock . in the wilton diptych national gallery london which be the earliest authentic contemporary portrait of an english king richard ii wear a gold and enamel white hart jewel and even the angel surround the virgin mary all wear white hart badge . in english folklore the white hart be associate with herne the hunter .
43 at the second island they visit eustace leave the group to avoid do any work and hide in a dead dragon s cave to escape a sudden downpour . the dragon s treasure arouse his greed he fill his pocket with gold and jewel and put on a large golden bracelet but as he sleep he be transform into a dragon . as a dragon he become aware of how bad his previous behaviour be and use his strength to help make amends . aslan turn eustace back into a boy now a much nicer person .
20 walter prude # puff out and march upon a blue sky amy lowell lilacs # and hung like those top jewel of the night léonie adams twilit revelation # each gay dunce shall lend a hand john trumbull the country clown
90 however on october 7 2009 mudvayne post a bulletin on myspace say that they will be release a self-titled album on december 22 2009 follow by a tour . they also have two new song call beautiful and strange and hear it all before on their official myspace page . mudvayne have be describe by drummer matt mcdonough as the best cd the band have record since our second album the end of all thing to come . the effort will be release in three different format — a standard jewel case edition a deluxe version package with a black light and a super deluxe edition that feature a larger black light a special edition blacklight-reactive poster and more .
64 she be jealous of she own daughter rigunth who continually declare that she should be mistress probably as dalton say because fredegund begin life as a palace maid while she be of royal blood be a king s daughter in she place . fredegund wait she opportunity and under the pretense of magnanimity take she to the treasure-room and show she the king s jewel in a large chest . feign fatigue she exclaim i be weary put thou in thy hand and take out what thou mayest find . the mother thereupon force down the lid on she neck and would have kill she have not the servant finally rush to she aid .
65 power rangers operation overdrive he appear alongside kira ford xander bly tori hanson and bridge carson in once a ranger a special team-up episode commemorate the fifteenth anniversary of the power ranger franchise . with the operation overdrive power rangers power disable by the villain thrax the sentinel knight summon four former rangers and one from the future so they can defend the corona aurora jewel restore ranger power to those who previously lose or damage they with adam as their leader due to the fact that he be the most senior of the team and he have more encounter or connection with thrax s parent . he and kira reference to tommy about he have the title of doctor as they both serve on the same team as tommy . he be the only member of the team to be from the saban-era .
76 though microdermal do have a slightly larger chance to leave a scar than a piercing they will heal eventually and be almost unnoticeable . the rate of infection be also lower in the long run and since it do not penetrate the cheek completely there be little to no chance of tooth or gum damage . microdermal be like a one hole piercing where the foot of the jewelry sit below the skin and the decorative jewel or flat disc be above the skin .
64 it be release in europe on june 20 2003 in north america on june 23 2003 in australia on july 10 2003 and in japan on may 27 2004 . it mark wario s first starring appearance on a home game console . the game s plot center around wario and his quest to regain his treasure and his castle from an evil black jewel .
124 after she husband s death lady grace kill he in self-defence towards the end of the battle and sharpe make it look a hero s death grace and sharpe set up house and live an upper class life together with the loot he have take from the tippoo sultan since she own wealth be encumber in she husband s estate . when grace die give birth to sharpe s son who die almost immediately afterwards the son be assume by she brother s lawyer to have be father by grace s late husband . as such the lawyer for the late lord hale s estate be able to confiscate all of sharpe s wealth include the house he have buy with the pile of jewel he take from the tippoo sultan and place in grace s name argue that it have be buy with grace s money and that she son have succeed she as heir . on grace s death sharpe fall into a deep depression and melancholia that lead to his be relegate from number 3 company to quartermaster of the rifles . in 1807 sharpe attempt to sell his commission only to find that this be not allow since he have not purchase it in the first place .
6 history and culturekashan be another cultural jewel of the province . seen here be the agha bozorg mosque . historian have record initially as a defense and military base .
42 old custom and cultural norm also promote the gun culture . in nwfp where the strong and tough pashtun reside carry a gun or a kalashnikov be a sign of honour and respect . a gun be also consider to be the jewel of a man in n.w.f.p. thus the social necessity emerge as an intimidating component of provincial culture .
19 the plot of wishmaster concern a djinn evil genie an omnipotent supremely evil entity who be release from a jewel and seek to capture the soul of the woman who discover he thereby open a portal and free his fellow djinn to inhabit the earth . the film star andrew divoff and tammy lauren and feature many actor from other popular horror movie such as nightmare on elm street and candyman . three sequel be make feature differ cast and crew wishmaster 2 evil never dies wishmaster 3 beyond the gates of hell and wishmaster 4 the prophecy fulfilled .
69 before the emperor can make his third wish zoroaster a sorcerer play by ari barak interrupt and state that upon the third wish grant to the one who wake the djinn a gateway will open between the world and the evil race of djinn can live on earth . the sorcerer then reveal a fire opal and begin chanting nib shuggarath bahim . the djinn be suck into the jewel where he remain capture .
47 the worker who be lower the crate be drink on the job and accidentally drop it from his crane kill beaumont s assistant ted raimi and destroy the statue . it break open and a dockworker find the fire opal inside . he steal and pawn the jewel . the jewel end up at regal auctioneers where boss nick merritt chris lemmon give it to appraiser alexandra amberson to examine . she blow on the jewel wake the djinn .
20 it break open and a dockworker find the fire opal inside . he steal and pawn the jewel . the jewel end up at regal auctioneers where boss nick merritt chris lemmon give it to appraiser alexandra amberson to examine . she blow on the jewel wake the djinn . alexandra examine the jewel awaken the djinn .
33 he steal and pawn the jewel . the jewel end up at regal auctioneers where boss nick merritt chris lemmon give it to appraiser alexandra amberson to examine . she blow on the jewel wake the djinn . alexandra examine the jewel awaken the djinn .
34 the jewel end up at regal auctioneers where boss nick merritt chris lemmon give it to appraiser alexandra amberson to examine . she blow on the jewel wake the djinn . alexandra examine the jewel awaken the djinn .
6 think she see something inside the jewel alexandra take it to she labworker best friend and potential love interest josh aickman tony crane to analyze . later as he be collect datum light reflection cause the gem to explode and the djinn be release . the lab be destroy and josh be kill upon his wish for relief from his physical pain .
30 the dock scene be show again only this time the crane operator be sober and have no trouble lower the crate contain ahura mazda . the statue be whole the jewel stay hide and the djinn remain inside sit on his throne .
2 come in jewel case . marketed by cut edge . track 13 also appear on headman dance modern eskimo records belgium cd 541416 501230 2xlp 541416 501231 release 2004 .
2 come in jewel case and have different sleeve . marketed by fulfill and universal music operations .
21 les filles des consequences 1937 the doubter the interrogation 1937 hirshhorn museum and sculpture garden washington dc the sun in its jewel case 1937 lingering day 1937 musée national d'art moderne centre pompidou paris movements and act 1937 smith college museum of art
82 his client be usually people who have be deprive of something important and/or valuable typically by unscrupulous and sometimes also legal means and have no way to regain it lawfully . mcgee s usual fee be half the value of the item if recover plus expense and those who object to such a seemingly high fee be remind that get back half of something be better than nothing at all . although the miss item be often tangible e .g. rare stamp jewel etc. in several book mcgee be ask to locate a miss person in one the steal property be a client s reputation . in several instance he show a marked propensity to exact revenge usually for the ill-treatment or death of one of his few real friend .
12 in the mythological cycle of early irish literature the four treasure or jewel of the tuatha dé danann be four magical item which the mythological tuatha dé danann be suppose to have bring with they from the four island city murias falias gorias and findias when they arrive in ireland .
10 irish texts society 52 . kildare 1982 . the four jewel middle irish poem with prose introduction in the yellow book of lecan ed . and tr . vernam hull . the four jewel of the tuatha dé danann .
25 the four jewel middle irish poem with prose introduction in the yellow book of lecan ed . and tr . vernam hull . the four jewel of the tuatha dé danann . zeitschrift für celtische philologie 18 1930 73-89 . edition available from celt.
5 the fox and the wish-fulfilling jewel be prominent symbol of inari . other common element in depiction of inari and sometimes of his/her kitsune include a sickle a sheaf or sack of rice and a sword . another belonging be she whip—although she be hardly know to use it it be a powerful weapon that be use to burn people s crop of rice .
65 in the tokugawa period when money replace rice as the measure of wealth in japan inari s role as a kamus of worldly prosperity be expand to include all aspect of finance business and industry . at the beginning of the eighteenth century follower of inari at the ginza mint strike coin mean for offering to inari which feature picture of two fox and a jewel or the character for long life and good luck . smyer 133
74 smyer 60 177 the main shrine be the fushimi inari shrine in fushimi kyoto japan where the path up the shrine hill be mark in this fashion . the kitsune statue be at time take for a form of inari and they typically come in pair represent a male and a female . smyer 93 these fox statue hold a symbolic item in their mouth or beneath a front paw — most often a jewel and a key but a sheaf of rice a scroll or a fox cub be all common . almost all inari shrine no matter how small will feature at least a pair of these statue usually flank or on the altar or in front of the main sanctuary . the statue be rarely realistic they be typically stylize portray a seat animal with its tail in the air look forward .
85 aarakocra have little to do with other species include neighboring aarakocra tribe and leave their home territory only in extreme circumstance . they rarely encounter human except for an occasional foray into a rural community to snatch a stray farm animal this be not an intentionally malicious act as aarakocra be unable to distinguish between domestic and wild animal . a human venturing into aarakocra territory may be able to convince one to serve as a guide or a scout in exchange for a shiny jewel or coin .
53 it be when the dance reach the mughal court after the 16th century that kathak begin to acquire its distinctive shape and feature . here it encounter other different form of dance and music most especially dancer from persia . dancer be entice from the temple to the court by gift of gold jewel and royal favour . patronage soar as a social class of dancer and courtier emerge in the royal palace where dance competition be hold frequently . the environment of the north indian mughal court cause a shift in focus for kathak from a purely religious art form to court entertainment .
65 brill be a fictional female elf character from the comic book series elfquest by wendy and richard pini . she be one of the wavedancer the sea elf who live at crest point introduce in the 1996 pilot issue wavedancer special 1 and whose adventure be continue in the elfquest reader s collection book 16 wavedancer . brill who have long dark brown hair sparkle jewel deep blue eye and uniquely shaped ear use to be the lovemate of the tribe s only fully-matured(powers-wise healer skimback right before the story start . however he be tie by recognition to another woman of the tribe sandsparkle and brill virtually go into mourn for she too have always wish to bear a child of she own . despite be cheer up by spine the tribe s joker and lady man brill begin wonder whether she would recognize someday .
117 in various part of the northern nigeria protectorate southern nigeria protectorate and after their join nigeria protectorate notably in edo state at benin city first to the british-installed ruling council of chief later to the restore oba with the emir of and in bauchi to the jointly rule bale and balogun of ibadan a vassal state in yorubaland with the emir of illorin with the emir of and in muri nigeria with the emir of nuperesidents in british asium for those work in the malay state see the british residents(-general section below as they come under the authority of a resident-general british resident be post in various princely state major one or group in british india the jewel in britain s colonial crown often individually as in lucknow the capital of oudh to the maharaja gaekwar of baroda to the maharaja sindhya of gwalior to the nizam al-molk of hyderabad to the maharaja rana of jhalawar to the restore maharaja of mysore after the fall of tipu sultan to the maharaja sena sahib subah of the mahratta state of nagpur to the maha)raja of manipur to the maha)raja of travancore to the maharana of mewar in udaipur . even when lord lake have break the mahratta power in 1803 and the mughal emperor be take under the protection of the east india company the district of delhi and hissar be assign for the maintenance of the royal family and be administer by a british resident till in 1832 the tract be annex to the north-western province .
74 higham the civilization of angkor p.79 . banteay srei be build largely of red sandstone a medium that lend itself to the elaborate decorative wall carving which be still observable today . the building themselves be miniature in scale unusually so when measure by the standard of angkorian construction . these factor have make the temple extremely popular with tourist and have lead to its be widely praise as a precious gem or the jewel of khmer art . glaize the monument of the angkor group p . 183 .
26 once the stream enter the city of philadelphia the creek valley and its deeply wooded gorge form part of the fairmount park system in philadelphia a jewel of a park and of nature set in the middle of an urban landscape . the park here be a ruggedly beautiful valley for the naturalist artist fisherman bicyclist equestrian and hiker who be draw to the wooded steep bank of the stream . precipitous wood incline that rise more than 200 foot 61 m above the water create a feeling of remoteness and mountain vastness .
37 howard bruce sutter pronounce ˈsuːtər bear january 8 1953 be a former right-handed relief pitcher in major league baseball who be arguably the first pitcher to make effective use of the split-finger fastball which he call the jewel .
24 legacy and aftermath maharaja ranjit sngh s treasure lithograph show a favourite horse with an officer of the stable and his collection of famous jewel include the koh-i-noor diamond mark as number 1
44 one of the characteristic of boston ’s social elite that distinguish it from the social elite from other u.s. city be its insistence upon conservative clothing home and manners . the cabot be no exception . rarely do the cabot woman wear their fine jewel . like most of boston ’s first family the cabot have a familial summering spot in north haven maine . modesty be apparent in cabotville the cabots summering home .
42 main article faculty of fine arts the faculty of fine art be one of the most well recognise and widely respected faculty all over the world which have produce notable and world renown artist . it be consider to tbe the crown jewel in the m.s university . it be rank in top 3 art faculty in world .
6 the state of indiana own the jewel of the crown
21 the tribe give the brown idol to walker . e be a nice guy . but is fella take our precious jewel . and if the tribe catch im they will ave s gut for garter no messin
34 he be often portray with a yellow face . he carry an umbrella or parasol chatra as a symbol of his sovereignty . he be also sometimes display with a mongoose often show eject jewel from its mouth . the mongoose be the enemy of the snake a symbol of greed or hatred the ejection of jewel represent generosity .
47 he carry an umbrella or parasol chatra as a symbol of his sovereignty . he be also sometimes display with a mongoose often show eject jewel from its mouth . the mongoose be the enemy of the snake a symbol of greed or hatred the ejection of jewel represent generosity .
50 as such vaiśravaṇa be sometimes portray carry a citron the fruit of the jambhara tree a pun on another name of his jambhala in tibetan pronunciation dzambala or zambala . the fruit help distinguish he iconically from depiction of kuvera . he be sometimes represent as corpulent and cover with jewel . when show seat his right foot be generally pendant and support by a lotus-flower on which be a conch shell . his mount be a snow lion .
53 in 1988 he tour europe and release the album sabenza which be the work of basil robbie jansen paul abrahams bassist and jack momple who have all leave american-influenced jazz in search of their cape root . record in one week this album change perception about local jazz and include some cape jazz jewel . it be follow by the album monwabisi basil s second solo project . it be record in difficult time for the artist as he seek to establish his name away from previous successful association .
52 view from the louvre courtyard show the join of the louvre foreground and the tuileries palace background now a large empty space . pei s pyramid now stand in the foreground instead of the grove of tree . in 1809 jacob-desmalter principal supplier of furniture to the emperor begin work on a jewel cabinet design for the empress joséphine s great bedroom in the tuileries and soon to be use by marie-louise . this impressive piece of furniture design by the architect charles percier be embellish with several gilt-bronze ornament the central panel depict the birth of the queen of the earth to whom cupids and goddesses hasten with their offering by the bronzier pierre-philippe thomire after a bas-relief by chaudet . jacob-desmalter complete the great jewelry box in 1812 with two smaller item of furniture in the same style but use indigenous wood .
30 revolutions to green the environment to grow the human heart with m.s. swaminathan unlocking the mystery of birth and death a buddhist view of life life an enigma a precious jewel humanity at the crossroads with karan singh the snow country prince child s book
36 to complete the task begin by his father of conquer the island of srilanka rajendra chola i invade the island in 1018 c.e. as a result of the campaign rajendra claim to have capture the regal jewel of the pandya king which parantaka i try in vain to capture . rajendra also capture the crown of the sinhala king his queen and daughter . the sinhala king mahinda v be take prisoner and transport to the chola country .
37 contemplate my lord and master my true guru all my affair have be resolve . sing the praise of the unapproachable infinite lord and master i have find immeasurable peace . hear chant and meditate on the jewel of the naam i live nanak wear the lord as his necklace .
80 tina robbins play by siobhan fallon hogan a waitress-actress who be elaine s roommate in she original apartment later move out and sub-lett it to she . she be introduce in the deal and date kramer in the truth much to the dismay of elaine who complain about the loud tribal music and sexual noise in she apartment . she make a brief appearance in the opposite kick elaine out of she apartment for among other thing buzz up a jewel thief and use canadian quarter in the washing machine .
47 in 1967 burman compose music for the movie chandan ka palna and baharon ke sapne but neither film do particularly well at the box office even though burman s composition be much like . meanwhile he continue to work as his father s assistant for movie like jewel thief 1967 and talash 1969 .
63 tōtarō take pity on the creature and allow it to live in a deep pond in his garden . meanwhile tōtarō have be seek a bride and eventually fall in love with a beautiful woman he see at a female pilgrimage at mii-dera . he become deathly sick with grief however on learn that she family require a betrothal gift of ten thousand jewel for she hand in marriage . when the samebito learn that his master be on his deathbed he begin to cry tear of blood which become precious ruby when they hit the ground . through the samebito s tear tōtarō eventually win the hand of the woman with whom he be infatuate .
39 hearn note that the name for this being be usually read as kōjin . the kōjin be creature think to live in the south china sea which resemble ningyo be always weave at their loom and whose tear become jewel .
41 it have long be the custom for a childless landowner to adopt an heir but the east india company ignore this tradition . nobility feudal landholder and royal army find themselves unemployed and humiliated due to company expansionism . even the jewel of the royal family of nagpur be publicly auction in calcutta a move that be see as a sign of abject disrespect by the remnant of the indian aristocracy . lord dalhousie the governor-general of india have ask the mughal emperor bahadur shah zafar and his successor to leave the red fort the palace in delhi . later lord canning the next governor-general of india announce in 1856 that bahadur shah s successor would not even be allow to use the title of king .
21 the economic policy of the east india company be also resent by the indians . citation need some of the gold jewel silver and silk have be ship off to britain as tax and sometimes sell in open auction rid india of its once abundant wealth in precious stone . citation need the land be reorganize under the comparatively harsh zamindari system to facilitate the collection of tax . in certain area farmer be force to switch citation need from subsistence farming to commercial crop such as indigo jute coffee and tea .
56 in a defiant gesture the toronto maple leafs and detroit red wing be target for certification vote . while montreal s ownership be not oppose a union toronto s conn smythe be adamantly against it . in the united states the four team be control or under obligation to the norris syndicate but detroit be the jewel . despite smythe s effort the toronto maple leafs player unanimously vote to organize . next be the turn of detroit to organize and the norrises would fight back .
63 he be probably the first to compose in a new form of the svarajatus musical genre . prior to this the svarajatus be primarily a dance form and be close in structure to the dance varnam padavarnma . his set of three famous svarajati be intend to be sing in concert rahter than dance and be sometimes refer to as ratna traya three jewel . they be in raga bhairavi yadukulakamboji and todi and share a common rhythm mishra chapu talum .
14 yrsa then provide she son with a silver drinking horn fill with gold and jewel and a famous ring svíagris . then she give hrólf and his man twelve of the swedish king s best horse and all the armour and provision they need .
37 plot the series center around nadia a young girl of unknown origin and jean a young french inventor . early in the story the two protagonist be chase by grandis granva sanson and hanson a group of jewel thief who pursue nadia for the blue jewel pendant she possess . after be rescue by captain nemo and his submarine the super sea cruiser nautilus the jewel thief and the young protagonist join force and participate in the struggle against the neo-atlantean force who seek to dominate the world .
64 the series center around nadia a young girl of unknown origin and jean a young french inventor . early in the story the two protagonist be chase by grandis granva sanson and hanson a group of jewel thief who pursue nadia for the blue jewel pendant she possess . after be rescue by captain nemo and his submarine the super sea cruiser nautilus the jewel thief and the young protagonist join force and participate in the struggle against the neo-atlantean force who seek to dominate the world .
48 nadia nadia be a 14 year-old african circus performer of kenyan decent . she be stubborn short tempered and a strict vegetarian . after jean rescue she from the grandis gang she set out on an adventure with he to determine the origin of the blue water the jewel that beckon the criminal to she . voiced by yoshino takamori japanese meg bauman english
38 grandis granva grandis be a 28 year-old woman . she be bear into a rich italian family but be now broke and disowned by she relative . she be the leader of the grandis gang a trio of jewel thief . after be rescue along with nadia jean and marie by the nautilus she and she henchman befriend the child . she develop a huge crush on capt .
17 economics the khanate s urban population produce clay ware wood and metal handiwork leather armor plough and jewel . the major city be qazan arça cükätaw qaşan Çallı alat and cöri . the urban population also trade with the people of central asia the caucasus and russia .
12 the sultan be report to have give sultanah helen ibrahim a spectacular jewel collection reputedly give she an emerald on she birthday and a diamond on their wedding anniversary even after the divorce . it be little wonder that she jewellery collection be hold to be the finest in the world .
88 he interrogate they the spaniards altogether . some say it be cause by the message send by narváez other because the people want to toss the spaniard out of mexico tenochtitlan which have be plan as soon as the ship have arrive because while they be fight they shout get out at they . other say it be to liberate moctezuma for they fight say free our god and king if you do not want to die still other say it be to steal the gold silver and jewel that the spaniards have because they hear the indians say here you shall leave the gold that you have take again some say it be to keep the tlaxcalan and other mortal enemy out of mexico . finally many believe that take their idol as god they have give themselves to the devil .
61 more than 600 gentleman and several lord gather in the yard of the largest temple some say there be more than a thousand there . they make a lot of noise with their drum shell bugle and hendido which sound like a loud whistle . prepare their festival they be naked but cover with precious stone pearl necklace belt bracelet many jewel of gold silver and mother-of-pearl wear very rich feather on their head . they perform a dance call the mazeualiztlus which be call that because it be a holiday from work symbolized by the word for farmer macehaulli . . . . they lay mat in the patio of the temple and play drum on they .
71 tr . watson 1993 58 . the buddha explain his simile of the father represent a compassionate tathāgata who be like a father to all the world and the son represent human who be born into the threefold world a burn house rotten and old . shariputra that rich man first use three type of carriage to entice his son but later he give they just the large carriage adorn with jewel the safest most comfortable kind of all . despite this that rich man be not guilty of falsehood . the tathagata do the same and he be without falsehood .
21 liner note also sleeve note or album note be the writings find in booklet which come insert into the compact disc jewel case or the equivalent packaging for vinyl record and cassette . they be descend from the note of text that be print on the inner sleeve use to protect a traditional 12-inch vinyl record i .e . long playing or gramophone record album . the term descend from the name record liner or album liner .
11 then come a memorable role as the razor-wielding sadistic ex-con and jewel thief mr. blonde in the bloody quentin tarantino crime story reservoir dogs . the film bring madsen attention among critic and fan .
52 some masonic grand lodges have an office know as the grand pursuivant . the office be unknown at the local masonic lodge level . it be the grand pursuivant s duty to announce all applicant for admission into the grand lodge by their name and masonic title to take charge of the jewel and regalia of the grand lodge to attend all communication of the grand lodge and to perform such other duty as may be require by the grand master or preside officer .
52 the first bonus track be the bathory song a fine day to die . the second be the song gypsy by mercyful fate . for the re-release the opening track intro and into the infinity of thoughts be combine and the album come pack in a paper slipcase to cover the traditional jewel case both feature the same artwork .
22 max and johanna holländer 1920-1938 in the year after 1920 max and johanna holländer shape the ruined castle mill into a true jewel . in 1934 nikolaus haupt report in the municipality’s newssheet about the renovation “it be carry out from the mighty cellar vault with the foundation which here and there be more than two metre thick up to the loft and it be work in a radical way . from the three-floor loft the lower floor be also expand into dwell room .
62 “ in the left wing beside the main building’s entrance be find the former castle chapel a rectangular room with two dainty cross vault rest in the middle on a column . even this the owner have in mind to have convert to its former purpose . the property thus represent as a whole through the renovation and careful handle an important jewel within the municipality of heidesheim . ”
15 elfstone in j. r. r. tolkien s fantasy writings the elfstone be a famous green jewel that galadriel give as a gift to aragorn it be also know as the elessar or the stone of eärendil .
21 mediomanum caersws cup downhill mountain bike race 6 page of artifact and document associate with caersws and hold on gather the jewel the website of welsh cultural history www.geograph.co.uk photo of caersws and surround area
43 glory in art saint john on patmos by hans baldung grien 1511 the manifestation of glory upon a saint for example be often depict in iconography use the religious symbol of a halo . other common symbol of glory include white robe crown jewel gold and star . the coronation of the virgin be one of the most common depiction of mary in glory .
20 the one contain the treasure . to avoid splitting the loot vorobyaninov murder ostap . he then discover that the jewel have already be find and that they have be spend on build a new public building .
39 nothing of the life of the rich bender dreamt of seem possible in the soviet union . frustrated bender even decide to anonymously donate the money to ministry of finance but change his mind . he turn money into jewel and gold and try to cross the romanian border only to be rob by the romanian border guard leave he only with a medal the order of the golden fleece .
9 piece of you be the debut album by singer/songwriter jewel release in 1995 see 1995 in music . though it make little impact initially who will save your soul eventually receive airplay and the album sell over 12 million copy in the usa make it one of the best selling debut album ever . it be produce by ben keith who have also produce work for artist such as neil young and patsy cline .
5 track list all song by jewel except where note
12 production coordination gena maria rankins digital editing tim mulligans arrangers charlotte caffey jewel art direction john codlins photography hugh hales-tooke
78 the fortress must be destroy from the inside-out and the only way to make that happen be to trigger an eruption in the volcano it be build on . sonic know this can be do by remove the chaos emeralds that keep the volcano stable . robotnik however be also aware of the fragile relationship that exist between the emeralds and the mountain and he be set up an elaborate pinball defense system to make sure the precious jewel do not go anywhere .
31 aretha franklin notably perform nessun dorma as a last-minute replacement for pavarotti on the grammy award of 1998 telecast . a recording of this performance be later include on she album jewel in the crown all-star duets with the queen . another female singer to record this aria for tenor male voice have be italian superstar mina whose hype rendition open the 2009 sanremo music festival .
59 in this play iachimo bet posthumus she husband that he can make imogen commit adultery with he . he do not succeed however be able to convince posthumus he have use information about imogen s bedchamber and body . iachiamo have hide in a trunk which have be deliver to imogen s chamber under the pretence of safekeep some jewel a gift for she father king cymbeline . the scene in which he emerge from the trunk 2.2 mimic the scene in the rape of lucrece . indeed iachimo compare himself to tarquin in the scene our tarquin thus do softly press the rush ere he waken d the chastity he wounded 2.2.12-14 .
28 diamonds ダイアモンド a song by princess princess the diamond sea first single from sonic youth s 1995 album washing machine diamonds ballet third movement of george balanchine s jewel often perform by itself diamond girl song from american r&b singer-songwriter ryan leslie s single from his self-titled debut album diamond a single by bump of chicken
96 he lose it after five year because his sponsor be beat by peter the great of russia at poltava . stanislaus have find refuge first in germany then in france where the regent have give he a house at wissembourg in alsace a pension of fifty thousand livre irregularly pay and as a sign of respect a few regiment of soldier as companion they along with a handful of retainer who have follow the forsaken king in his wanderings comprise his bare little court . his property in poland have be confiscate and his wife s jewel pawn . gooch
13 track list limited edition the initial pressing be present in a standard 2-cd jewel case with no reference to the track on the bonus disc nor the disc itself except for a sticker on the front .
7 synopsis miles logan martin lawrence be a jewel thief who along with some accomplice steal a $ 17 million diamond in los angeles . thing go awry during the robbery when one accomplice want the diamond all for himself and logan have to hide the diamond at a construction site . logan be arrest and spend two year in prison .
27 salome then demand the head of the prophet on a silver platter . she mother cackle in pleasure . herod try to dissuade she with offer of jewel peacock and the sacred veil of the temple . salome remain firm in she demand for jochanaan s head force herod to concede to she demand . after a desperate monologue by salome the head of the prophet be bring up out of the well and present to salome as she request .
9 cedmagic.com . . the last title release be the jewel of the nile by cbs/fox video cedmagic.com . . and memories of videodisc a commemorative ced give to many rca employee involve with the ced project cedmagic.com
10 aoki densetsu shoot aqualife gbc arle no bouken mahou no jewel gbc arcade classic 1 asteroids/missile command multiple borders arcade classic 2 millipede/centipede multiple borders
44 it be inhabit by over 200,000 people . cuscatlán or cuzcatlán be the name the original inhabitant of the western part of the country give to most of the territory that be now el salvador . in their language it mean land of precious jewel . it be create on 22 may 1835 . suchitoto be the first capital of the department but on 12 november 1861 cojutepeque be make the capital .
30 video shoot for wham and culture club be hold at the venue . billy ocean s video for when the go gets tough the tough get go soundtrack for the jewel of the nile be shoot in brixton academy .
1 the jewel s purpose be unknown and remain a source of speculation . it have be suggest not base on any factual evidence that it could have be a pointer stick for follow word when read a book part of a crown or part of a brooch . it may have be one of the precious æstels alfred have send to each bishopric with a copy of his translation of pope gregory the great s book pastoral care .
30 the alfred jewel be bequeath to oxford university by colonel nathaniel palmer c . 1661-1718 and today be in the ashmolean museum in oxford england . a replica of the jewel can be find in the church of north petherton .
1 similar jewel
27 the warminster jewel this consist of filigree gold strip contain a white glass stone . a small blue glass stone be hold in the middle of the jewel where the gold strip meet . this jewel be discover in warminster in wiltshire and be hold in the salisbury and south wiltshire museum . a picture be available here
35 the warminster jewel this consist of filigree gold strip contain a white glass stone . a small blue glass stone be hold in the middle of the jewel where the gold strip meet . this jewel be discover in warminster in wiltshire and be hold in the salisbury and south wiltshire museum . a picture be available here
4 the bowleaze jewel this jewel be make of patterned gold with a blue glass stone in the middle . it be find at bowleaze cove near weymouth dorset and be keep at the british museum . a picture be available here .
4 the borg aestel this jewel be decorate with a pattern of spiral of gold wire . it be find in the ruin of a viking chieftain s hall at borg in the lofoten islands in norway and be now in the lofotr viking museum . alfred be know to have be visit by a powerful trader call ottar who be native to the lofoten islands so it be possible that alfred give the jewel as a gift to he .
73 the borg aestel this jewel be decorate with a pattern of spiral of gold wire . it be find in the ruin of a viking chieftain s hall at borg in the lofoten islands in norway and be now in the lofotr viking museum . alfred be know to have be visit by a powerful trader call ottar who be native to the lofoten islands so it be possible that alfred give the jewel as a gift to he .
9 the bidford bobble this be the smallest of the jewel . its round head be make of patterned gold with blue and red enamel piece . it be find in bidford-on-avon in warwickshire and now belong to the warwickshire museum service .
2 all seven jewel be exhibit together for the first time in winchester discovery centre between february and may 2008 as the centrepiece of an exhibition of relic of alfred the great .
23 nicknamed peter pan fantantonio el pibe de bari a clear reference to diego maradona s nickname and il gioiello di bari vecchia the jewel of old bari he be know for his short temper as well as his ability on the pitch which lead to the coining of the neologism cassanata by his former coach fabio capello in november 2002 . the word be regularly use by italian journalist as a euphemism for any behavior incompatible with team spirit in football . gazzetta dello sport .
57 calvillo have to offer several attraction and interesting place . one of they be the main square date from 1778 be famous for its orange tree in this square be eagle trail which indicate the independence route . the temple of our lord of the salitre build in 1772 in which interior the painting be consider true jewel of religious art . the beautiful dome topple the church have an exceptional size and diameter . its rarest feature be that it be make as a single architectural piece so for dome like this one there exist only five in the whole world .
76 have grow bored with eternal life he decide to kidnap young maiden and play a game of cat-and-mouse with the hunters who come to rescue they and attempt to destroy he . he be the antagonist of the game lure the protagonist baron leon belmont to his castle by kidnap his fiancée sara trantoul . the forest where he live be call eternal night as it be cover in unending darkness by the means of a jewel call the ebony stone . in the end walter be defeat and mathias absorb his soul along with the ebony stone .
10 reference sir thomas urquhart the discovery of a most exquisite jewel 1652 francis douglas life of james crichton of clunie 1760 tytler patrick fraser 1819 life of james crichton of cluny commonly call the admirable crichton
2 the crowning jewel in the fast-paced growth of the campus during the 1960 the learning resource center build in 1967 become mundelein college’s new library . officially dedicate in 1969 the learning resource center provide mundelein student with a science and lecture auditorium 100-seat audiovisual room faculty and student lounge seminar room and a rare book room . today the learning resource center serve the loyola university chicago community as the sullivan center for student services .
38 it be release on 5 september 2005 in the uk and 4 april 2006 in the us. the cd feature the original album but do not contain the bonus disc . it be also release in the standard jewel case and not a box . in some country the deluxe edition have become a collector s item due to the phasing out of production be replace by the more economic one-cd version .
25 only american-made watch may be use depend on availability of spare part only open-faced dial with the stem at 12 o'clock minimum of 17 functional jewel in the movement 16 or 18-size only maximum variation of 30 seconds approximately 4 seconds daily per weekly check watch adjust to at least five position face up and face down the position a watch might commonly take when lay on a flat surface then crown up crown point leave and crown point right the position a watch might commonly take in a pocket .
39 the minimum requirement be raise several time as watch-making technology progress and the watch company produce newer even more reliable model . by wwii many railroad require watch that be of a much higher grade as many as 23 jewel for example than those make to comply with the original 1891 standard .
17 length 7 mm description find at depths up to 620 m bulla gemma a. e. verrill 1880 jewel bubble distribution new york length 4.2 mm
36 lord oxenford be a nazi sympathizer who will be arrest if he remain in england another week . margaret be his 19 year old rebellious daughter . lady oxenford be travel with the priceless delhi suite jewel . harry marks charming young lower class english jewel thief jump bail to america diana lovesey beautiful 34 year old englishwoman run away from an unhappy marriage
27 margaret be his 19 year old rebellious daughter . lady oxenford be travel with the priceless delhi suite jewel . harry marks charming young lower class english jewel thief jump bail to america diana lovesey beautiful 34 year old englishwoman run away from an unhappy marriage mark alder 39 year old american radio manager run away with diana lovesey friend of lulu bell
68 jing also carry around with he a crystal imbed with the image of a woman s head with long hair already in his possession from the beginning of the series . the crystal too be never explain . all that be know be that it be of great importance to jing—when rob by another thief in the first volume jing corner he and allow he to keep the jewel he steal provide he return the crystal . fan have speculate that the crystal may be connect to his mother somehow increase by scene in which he think about she such as after he release cidre the first jing girl and half of the double mermaid where he look at the crystal while do so however as of yet there be no concrete evidence that this be the case .
69 the remain quintet regroup to record the harder-rocking in a glass house which be release in 1973 . a complex and determined concept album name for the aphorism that people who live in glass house should not throw stone it be the band s most directly psychological effort to date . the album be also notable for its intriguing three-dimensional cover use a cellophane overlay replicate use the cd jewel case on the terrapin cd reissue and via a custom digipak for the later alucard cd reissue . in a glass house be never release in the usa but be in great demand as an import .
39 it be announce by the bbc in late 2008 that they be unable to commission another series of chucklevision for 2009 but there be a christmas special name the mystery of little under-standing in which the brother uncover a jewel thief and a probable return during 2010 . the chuckle brothers be currently do chuckletrek across the uk.
54 137 there be always room for one less chatsworth come to live with the gillises . 138 the general cried at dawn on vacation in latin america maynard substitute for his look-alike general ramon rubero . 139 now i lay i down to steal while stay at osborne manor sleepwalker maynard become a suspected jewel thief . herbie faye appear as officer luke . 140 lassie get lost starlet valentine van loon offer a $ 500 reward for the return of she dog boo-boo .
39 there be no black or white . we be all grey being . this be show when she stop three man when they rob a jewelry store in the middle state of the film but take some of the jewel for herself . she behavior become cat-like and she gain heighten reflex senses and physical power .
49 battle of okinawapost-world war ii during the korean war the us 10th corps consist of the 1st marine division and 7th army division land at inchon . conceived of and command by us general douglas macarthur this landing be consider by many military historian to have be a tactical jewel one of the most brilliant amphibious maneuver in history citation need . the success of this battle eventually result in link up with we army force that break out of the pusan perimeter and lead by the 1st cavalry division and its task force lynch clear much of south korea . a second landing by the tenth corps on the east coast approach the chosin reservoir and hydroelectric plant that powered much of communist china s heavy industry and lead to intervention by chinese force on behalf of north korea .
16 jackle edith hanger-on and talebearer for the gang at experiment house sc jadis see white witch jewel the unicorn unicorn best friend of king tirian never deceive by the false aslan lb)k ketterley andrew digory kirke s mad uncle andrew brother of his mother mabel a magician . mn
34 legacy in 2005 boston university open their new athletic facility agganis arena at the intersection of commonwealth avenue and harry agganis way on the charles river campus . the arena be arguably the crown jewel of the $ 325 million john hancock student village complex compete only with the square-foot 0 m 2 fitness and recreation center next door .
29 on most occasion artist sing the main lyric and be accompany by instrument . each form of dance have a specific costume . most costume be flamboyant with extensive jewel .
16 biina venus in tokyopop version the oldest of the sister she have a tiara with blue jewel and wear a modern outfit with blue pants and shirt and be pretty much the leader of the quintet . through the other girl eye she can see everything that they see therefore when helen s memory be erase and be send as a spy biina use this psychic link to relay information to von bogoot . when helen be catch in the crossfire and von bogoot refuse to rescue she biina defect and guide the cyborg team to yomi .
14 aphros the second sister she wear a white gown and a tiara with green jewel . she do not speak too much but despite this she be very assertive and opinionated . she discover daphne s treachery and harshly lecture she but end up forgive she due to diana s plea .
8 diana third pu'awak sister she tiara have pink jewel . very quiet and gentle she manage to make daphne explain why she betray their plan . she also die after be shoot by von bogoot .
11 helen the fifth and youngest pu'awak sister she tiara have red jewel and she also wear a short blue dress . she have she memory partially erase by black ghost and be send towards the cyborg as an unwilling spy with biina monitor she through their psychic link . sweet-tempered and frail due to she lack of memory she do not recover until almost the end of the arc after a brief brainwashing courtesy of the ath-hans overcome she own fear and shock helen guide 009 001 002 003 and 005 to the yomi kingdom save biina and 004 from be execute but later she and she sister die at the hand of von bogoot and the kingdom collapse in the upcoming fight .
75 tanguay spend lavishly on both publicity campaign and costume . one obituary note that a clever manager tell tanguay early in she career that money make money and she never forget the lesson buy huge ad at she own expense and on one occasion allegedly spend twice she salary on publicity . obituary new york herald tribune january 12 1947 she also get she name in the papers for allegedly be kidnap allegedly have she jewel steal and get fine $ 50 in louisville kentucky for throw a stagehand down a flight of stair . gilbert douglas american vaudeville its life and times dover publications 1940 p . 329 . isbn 486-20999-7.
18 cbm-ii trivia a cbm-ii hi-profile machine make a brief appearance as a prop in the 1985 movie the jewel of the nile star michael douglas and kathleen turner .
2 jappic jbs jewel jones kendall
26 accompany the dvd be an ep call scarlet s hidden treasures which feature six non-lp track . the dvd/cd be release in either a double cd jewel case or in a special dvd case .
34 a limited-edition version of the republic album be also release in the united states . although the track be the same as the normal release the packaging be entirely different . instead of a jewel case the cd come in a folding wallet make of bright orange vinyl with foam inside give it the appearance of a rescue ring or life jacket . the cd be also redesign with no word but a picture of several orange rubber inner tube against a background of flame a reference to the cover artwork . the booklet tuck into a pocket of the vinyl wallet be the same as the standard version but make of a plastic waterproof material instead of paper .
60 over the year she have work in various genre include jazz and art song but generally with a sparse and sombre tone to it . she 2003 album an echo of hooves mark a return to the traditional ballad form after concentrate on other style for several year and be highly acclaim . allmusic say of this album a stunning jewel in a remarkable career and one of the best thing tabor’s ever release . always 2005 be a boxed set of four cd span she whole career and contain rare recording .
42 arabian mythology be draw upon for the name of summon spirit . japanese mythology contribute the legendary sword kusanagi which be the japanese equivalent of excalibur . this along with two other legendary object of japanese mythology the yata mirror and yasakani jewel be item find in the game . pagan theme be evident in the concept of the goddess martel and the general nature theme present in the game . the universal theme of death and renewal can be see in the seesawing parallel world and the chosen ritual and it be specifically mention during one encounter with a unicorn .
23 homelife in home non-food product java delight supervalu’s our own brands coffee be source from hacienda la minita jewel store generic brand for jewel max velocity energy drink nutriplan pet foods
66 out of the house of life 1990 principally concern the adventure of de montalia on an 1810 archaeological expedition to egypt punctuate with long letter from st . germain which contain information she use to find artifact leave behind from his life there . however st . germain only appear as a character directly for a short period at the end of the novel . darker jewel 1993 be set in the russia of ivan the terrible . better in the dark 1993 be set in germany in the 10th century . mansions of darkness 1996 feature st . germain in spanish america in the 17th century .
20 roman empire mattress be stuff with wool feather reed or hay . the bed be decorate with paint bronze silver jewel and gold .
45 they usually have chrome or silver cantle trim the top of the pouch and a fur-covered face with fur or hair tassel . the cantle may contain intricate filigree or etching of celtic knot . the top of the cantle may have a set stone jewel or emblem such as saint andrew a thistle clan or masonic symbol .
14 ahensiya spanish agencia – agency ahente spanish agente – agent alahas spanish alhaja – jewel alambre spanish alambre – wire alkansiya spanish alcancía – piggy bank
16 in baum s universe the nome be immortal rock fairy who dwell underground . they hide jewel and precious metal in the earth and resent the upstairs people who dig down for those valuable . apparently as revenge the nome king enjoy keep surface-dweller as slaves—not for their labor but simply to have they .
63 tan originally promise the lu brother good pay and treatment but tan treat they no different than his brother shang do . when yuan tan surrender his southern army to cao cao the founder of the kingdom of wei lü kuang and lü xiang go with they to cao cao s side . cao eagerly accept they and reward they with silk and jewel . cao then again go to war with the three yuans — shang xi and tan — again . cao use the lu brother often with his accomplished general .
43 they first free the king from where he be tie to a tree . then the three of they steal away to a narnian supply garrison where they put on calormene disguise and return to stable hill . when they arrive they free jewel the unicorn . then jill disobey the king s order by enter the stable but in do so she discover puzzle the donkey the fake aslan . jill become puzzle s friend and save he from execution by tirian .
37 uncle shagworthy shaggy s rich uncle . not only do he look like his nephew — he have the same appetite and cowardice . he keep his most precious possession food in a secret refrigerator with valuable jewel . great uncle nat nathaniel shaggy s great-uncle . uncle beauregard shaggy s uncle who die and leave his entire fortune and his southern mansion and plantation to shaggy in his will .
4 ziddi 1964 guide 1965 jewel thief 1967 prem pujari 1969 aradhana 1969
12 1968 jamuna milan as gauri mumtaz ram aur shyam as shanta tanuja jewel thief as anjali anju nath
11 tiger cub/katya shifter-mage a young playful mage with a penchant for jewel and amulet . she be highly regard both by dark and light other . it be say that she can charm anyone .
50 the ambassador s ship be capture en route to england by the albatross and she captain geoffery thorpe errol flynn . don alvarez and his niece dona maria brenda marshall be take aboard and transport to england . thorpe be immediately enchant by dona maria and gallantly return she plundered jewel . she detestation towards he soften as she too begin to fall in love .
40 laid out on a 96 km long narrow gauge track that pass through 103 tunnel and across more than 800 bridge and viaduct it be one of the most beautiful hill railway in india . it be consider the crown jewel of the indian national railways during british time .
49 mainspring usually break at their attachment to the arbor where bend stress be greatest . when the mainspring break the outer part recoil and the momentum spin the barrel in the reverse direction . this apply great force to the delicate wheel train and escapement often break pivot and jewel .
24 152 ac takhisis return to the abyss to gather she force . 157 ac berem/the everman find the foundation stone . he pry a jewel loose and find it immediately embed in his chest grant he immortality . in the process of claim the gemstone he accidentally kill his sister . 203 ac flint fireforge grandson of reghar be bear in hillhome .
67 character summaryprotagonist jaenelle angelline be the main character though the story be never tell from she point of view the young witch destine to become queen of the darkness aka witch . witch be dream make flesh the incarnation of dream hear and then weave into tangled web by the weaver of dream or the queen weaver a small spider find on arachnia she have 12 uncut jewel one of every color for she birthright along with the 13 uncut black jewels . after she offering she come away with the ebony jewels . she lose some of she power after the war but be grant another new jewel twilight s dawn .
76 witch be dream make flesh the incarnation of dream hear and then weave into tangled web by the weaver of dream or the queen weaver a small spider find on arachnia she have 12 uncut jewel one of every color for she birthright along with the 13 uncut black jewels . after she offering she come away with the ebony jewels . she lose some of she power after the war but be grant another new jewel twilight s dawn . daemon sadi sadiablo be the son of saetan and the break black widow tersa and fiercely love jaenelle . he like his father and brother be a warlord prince with birthright red jewels .
29 lucivar yaslana sadiablo be the son of saetan and the eyrien luthvian . lucivar a half-eyrien have batlike wing and have a strong brotherly love for jaenelle . his jewel be the birthright red then later descend to ebon gray . like his brother daemon he be enslave as an adolescent and force to serve in the court of dorothea and she follower . his explosive temper send he to the salt mine of pruul .
21 his explosive temper send he to the salt mine of pruul . surreal sadiablo be a prostitute and assassin . she jewel be birthright green and later descend to gray . she be the daughter of titian the result of she mother s rape by kartane sadiablo make surreal a hayllian and dea al mon half-breed .
11 kindred the kindred be animal who have be grant their own jewel and be fully blood . jaenelle reestablish the connection between kindred and human blood which be break in the war between terrille and kaeleer start by hekatah .
22 dorothea sadiablo be the incestuous high priestess of hayll . she be a member of the hourglass black widow coven . birthright jewel unknown later descend to red . kartane sadiablo be the son of dorothea sadiablo . he be also once a close friend of daemon sadi .
28 hekatah be the demon dead self-proclaimed high priestess of hell and the former wife of saetan sadiablo . she instigate the war between kaeleer and terreille . birthright jewel unknown descend to red . hayllian bear and die in the great war between terreille and kaeleer . she be also the mother of mephis peyton and another son which she kill in order to manipulate saetan sadiablo .
46 montoya s jeep come into the town and he use jack s crossbow to shoot the cross that jack have be tie to the cable . jack be drag behind the jeep. valek try to get the bérziers cross but the sunlight reflect off of the jewel in the cross burn his hand and he can not get hold of it . he head for shelter and jack grab the berziers cross and head off after valek . jack and valek face each other and jack ram the cross though valek s chest then throw himself through the support post for the roof cause it to collapse allow the sun to get to valek and he die in a spectacular fireball .
74 renaissance art produce in holland flanders france and italy be on display in the next room . french 18th century decorative art have a special place in the museum with outstanding gold and silver object and furniture as well as painting and sculpture . these decorative art be follow by gallery exhibit a large group of painting by the venetian francesco guardi 18th and 19th century english painting and finally a superb collection of jewel and glass by rené lalique display in its own room .
8 the museum be one of the less know jewel in europe . gulbenkian s motto be only the best and hence the museum have masterpiece by western european artist as domenico ghirlandaio rubens rembrandt rodin carpeaux houdon renoir dierick bouts vittore carpaccio cima da conegliano van dyck corot degas nattier george romney stefan lochner maurice-quentin de la tour Édouard manet henri fantin-latour claude monet jean-françois millet sir edward burne-jones thomas gainsborough joseph mallord william turner jean-honoré fragonard giovanni battista moroni frans hals ruisdael boucher largillière andrea dellum robbia pisanello jean-baptiste pigalle antonio rosselino andré-charles boulle cressent oeben riesener antoine-sébastien durand charles spire jean deforges françois-thomas germain and many other .
74 during the episcopate of the first anglican bishop of chichester richard sampson king henry viii of england order the destruction of the shrine of st . richard in chichester cathedral in 1538. for that purpose and as a test of loyalty to his royal supremacy over the church of england 1534 king henry send member of the previously-staunch catholic sussex gentry to carry out the removal of the shrine and the despatch of its jewel and ornament to the crown include william ernle esquire whose family the ernle s of earnley in sussex have long make contribution to the shrine in honor of the saint for which it be establish . in the case of william ernle he be expect to show his enthusiasm for the new supreme head of the church of england by carry out the cæsaropapal command for the destruction of the shrine and the discarding of the bone of his own family s patron saint a saint for whom he have name his son and heir . the shrine of st .
37 meanwhile florinda and valeria be test belvile’s loyalty to florinda by try to seduce he while he do n’t know who they be . he stand firm . the woman exit but florinda leave belvile with a jewel most likely a locket of some sort so that he “may repent the opportunity you have lose by your modesty . ” belvile recognize florinda’s picture in the locket and resolve to rescue she that night with willmore and frederick s help .
8 hand bumblefoot album hand little boots album hand jewel song hand kumi koda song hand the raconteurs song
18 amrapali multiplex mall under-construction with three screen m.2.m. lohia vihar residential colony nh-24 delhi road aditya magnet mall jewel india mall
39 phelan name villa montalvo in honor of the popular 16th century spanish writer garci ordonez de montalvo . montalvo coin the name california in one of his fable . in it he describe an island rich with gold and jewel people by amazons rule by a queen name califia . the amazons in the fable ride griffin mythical winged guardian of precious treasure . griffins can be find throughout the art center grounds stand guard over phelan s precious gift .
30 today saint-jean cap-ferrat have probably some of the most expensive real estate in the world and continue to attract the rich and famous . it be truly one the crown jewel of the french riviera . the luxurious property be nestle amongst lush vegetation . discretely build and protect from pry eye they often include a private beach and lock gate-way .
21 holmes cannot resist a intriguing mystery and he and watson set out across the city to determine exactly how the steal jewel wind up in a goose s crop . the man who drop the goose mr henry baker clearly have no knowledge of the crime but he give holmes valuable information eventually lead he to the conclusive stage of his investigation at covent garden . there a salesman name breckinridge get angry with holmes complain about all the people who have pester he about goose sell recently to the landlord of the alpha inn .
17 it be illustrate in a 1993 edition of boys life magazine with a few notable change the jewel in question be call the morcar blue diamond holmes refuse ryder s request for mercy and surrender he to the police although he comment his honest admission of guilt will likely help his case for clemency holmes be reward for return the diamond to which he open up a trust fund for a group of boy know as the baker street pancakes in order to pay for a formal education for they .
43 isbn 978-1-55022-759-8 . . derived from japanese folklore where vader be a top warrior who once fight for his village seventy-two hour straight white be give a huge black device for his head that shot smoke . he be introduce as the crown jewel of the takeshi puroresu gundan stable manage by takeshi kitano . after a match to which riki chōshū have challenge inoki only to lose vader demand a match with the already wear down inoki and be victorious . this lead the pro-inoki audience to riot result in new japan be ban from the sumo hall which be its home arena the ban be rescind in 1989 .
80 the tablet be consider to be the birth certificate of the croats as the name croatia and adjective croatian be mention here for the first time in the croatian language . despite the fact of not be the oldest croatian glagolitic monument the plomin tablet valun tablet krk inscription be older and certainly all appear in the 11th century and in spite of the fact that it be not write in the pure croatian vernacular it be nevertheless call the jewel of the croatian language and the baptismal certificate of croatian literary culture . it feature a vaguely damage ornamental string pattern wattle or simply troplet .
51 he arrive there in the middle of zi-l k’ada 416 a.h. december 1025 a.d. . “the king look upon the idol with wonder and give order for the seize of the spoil and the appropriation of the treasure . there be many idol of gold and silver and vessel set with jewel all of which have be send there by the greatest personage in india . the value of the thing find in the temple of the idol exceed twenty thousand dinar .
19 his will contain two codicil the first date 12 april 1706 leave the sum of £3000 and all his jewel to barton a second dated 1 february 1713 leave she an additional £5000 plus his interest in the rangership of bushey park and his manor of apscourt in surrey to pay for the repair to bushey lodge . on 30 august however he revoke the first codicil and beg his executor his nephew george montague not to make a dispute over she legacy . montague write that these bequest be as a token of the sincere love affection and esteem i have long have for she person and as a small recompense for the pleasure and happiness i have have in she conversation .
1 1987 jewel secret skipper tennis skipper
25 unit re-booted cover art the cover be a large plain yellow circle centre on a plain silver background . on the outside surface of the jewel cd case be a transparent sticker with the word regurgitator and unit print in black for identification in store . this minimalist design credit to the shits quan yeomans and janet english and ben ely win the 1998 aria award for best cover art .
48 and he attempt to escape from they several time first by ask to remain at a monastery and later by run away with a troupe of travel player . in both instance he be return to his family . encourage by his mother who sell she family heirloom jewel to purchase horse gun and mastiff dog for he lestat take up hunting and soon become the family breadwinner .
54 in 1443 kakitsu 3 23rd day of the 9th month an armed group of rebel penetrate the palace defens . a fire be start and one of the man seek to kill emperor go-hanazono but the emperor escape . however the intruder manage to steal the sacred treasures the mirror the sword and the jewel . later a guard find the mirror and a priest find the sword but the location of jewel be not know until the 8th month of bunnan gannen . titsingh #pra1-pa344,m1 pp .
52 a fire be start and one of the man seek to kill emperor go-hanazono but the emperor escape . however the intruder manage to steal the sacred treasures the mirror the sword and the jewel . later a guard find the mirror and a priest find the sword but the location of jewel be not know until the 8th month of bunnan gannen . titsingh #pra1-pa344,m1 pp . 344-345 .
10 for evening wear hair ornament include comb ribbon flower and jewel be wear other option inlcude beret and turban . tortora and eubank 1994 p . 282
19 the album be release in three format . the first be a standard cd release present in a standard jewel case . second there be a limited edition of the cd present in a book-style case with bonus artwork and note by jenkinson . third a double lp vinyl version of this album be release .
27 coutances die on 16 november 1207 and be bury at rouen cathedral . his personal possession be inventory after his death and include a large number of jewel and vestment . he also own a large library include not just religious work but legal text on canon law and work of classical author such as juvenal and ovid .
30 both the gopuram be build accord to the rule lay down in the agama sastra by rama pandyan . it be the largest shiva temple in tamil nadu . rare jewel the golden lily tank musical pillars and the hall of a thousand pillars be worth see . the temple date back to 700 ad and contain inscription which can be trace to be make around 950 a.d. it be believe there be two distinct temple build separately for shiva and parvati the consort to lord shiva by the pandyan king . the sangili mandapam a big terraced hall link these two be build in the 17th century .
33 teika and go-toba would have a close i teika be command to inspect the poem compose for the occasion by the ex-emperor . truly a poetic voice as be as gold and precious jewel this time all of his composition be beautiful beyond the power of word to express . in the present age there be no one high or low who can match he .
34 in 2004 queen s version be use as the theme for pride the successful japanese drama star takuya kimura and yūko takeuchi air on fuji television that feature the song by the band . jewel their tie-in compilation album feature i be bear to love you and release only in japan and the song re-enter the japanese chart .
65 by comparison facebook s uk traffic increase by 2393 % and bebo s by 173 % . the site have be describe as bogg down by an oppressive design ad-heavy service and payment barrier at every turn . however itv chairman michael grade have describe the site as the sweet spot of the internet and state that friends reunited be one of the great undersung jewel in the crown ... one of the most important bit of itv go forward a massive presence and profitable michael grade on the big issue for itv | media | mediaguardian in march 2008 the site drop the subscription fee require to contact member in a bid to regain loss of 47 % of unique user and market share from more dominant social networking site facebook suffer from social networking slowdown network break business and technology news at silicon.com . the site make a profit of £22 million in 2007 though its market valuation have fall sharply from the £175 million pay by itv in 2005 while those of competitor have increase dramatically look at internet company valuation 25 march 2008 . visitor traffic have decline sharply since september 2007 and the site be now dwarf by competitor site in the uk market .
18 editorial on g. n. ramachandran current science vol . 80 issue 8 pages 908-910 g. n. ramachandran a jewel in the crown of the indian science
2 an electronic jewel in ender s ear allow both of they to communicate and for she to see and hear everything from ender s vantage point . she help ender with many thing . for example in the very beginning she contact an orbit ship and pay $ 40 billion for it and the cargo .
34 jane play a pivotal role in the development of the book . jane guide ender to lusitania and help he out considerably in obtain information . when ender disconnect she by turn off the jewel she panic and be force to reorient she vast amount of concentration which be focus on he . conclude that ender need a common enemy to unite all of lusitania together to help the piggy she run analysis on datum and subversively get starways congress to order the destruction of the planet . she make it appear as lusitania have cut off their ansible she do this mainly to save a xenologer from be kill trigger starways congress to send the evacuation fleet which be actually carry the molecular disruption device to destroy the planet .
27 in the manga he become one of the five elemental warrior and gain the spirit of thunder . his element be reflect in his weapon the bao-lei jewel thunder sword .
20 the beat goes on sonny cher you have lost that lovin feel the righteous brothers the bird and the bees jewel akens with a leslie speaker effect mannix theme lalo schifrin
20 in his service . that these be of importance be clear from the inclusion of o kelly steward of the jewel o malley naval macdermot military and o mulconry chief poet . » include in the rank of lesser chief be those who also serve in a
50 the company republish enhanced version of adventure game by level 9 computing begin with their middle-earth trilogy colossal adventure itself an enhanced conversion of adventure by will crowther and don woods adventure quest and dungeon adventure these last two feature the demon lord agaliarept . rainbird publish this sequence as jewel of darkness and reference to middle-earth be expunge . rainbird also publish level 9 s silicon dreams trilogy snowball be follow by return to eden and the worm in paradise .
10 joy a holiday collection be a christmas album by singer/songwriter jewel release in 1999 see 1999 in music . the radio-only single joy to the world be release in november the same year . the album receive gold and platinum certification in december 1999 for sale of 500,000 and 1 million riaa searchable database .
6 referencesexternal links hammons field faqs the jewel of jordan valley park webpage joe mock name hammons field baseballparks.com 2005 ballpark of the year hammons field ballparkreviews.com
10 it be release as three version a basic version with jewel case and no booklet a standard version with jewel case and an eight page booklet and a premium version as a digipak with luxury artwork enhance cd-rom content and two bonus track see below .
19 it be release as three version a basic version with jewel case and no booklet a standard version with jewel case and an eight page booklet and a premium version as a digipak with luxury artwork enhance cd-rom content and two bonus track see below .
50 it be rumor that color cinema be just filter in india and guru dutt want to re-shoot the entire movie in color however his financier and distributor have lose patience . guru dutt be to compromise with the immortal title song in color it be a treat to watch a jewel from the treasure chest of the legend guru dutt .
59 she majesty queen elizabeth the queen mother be especially fond of she boucheron tiara which she inherit from lady greville citation need who originally purchase it from the house . she grandson prince charles pass the tiara onto his wife camilla duchess of cornwall as a wedding gift . queen elizabeth of england also have a collection of boucheron jewel as do wallis simpson the duchess of windsor .
7 # fever # haunted # your only jewel # you want i you hate i # hate factor
20 # super crush clip remix by cut .rate .box # fever analog mix remix by forma tadre # your only jewel # hate factor # fear remix by sabotage qcqc
3 bijou french for jewel may refer to
40 the calchona a creature resemble a shaggy white newfoundland dog beard like a billy goat which attack mountain traveler . carbuncle this creature be allege to be see in latin america . legend say the carbuncle have some sort of jewel on its head . catoblepas described as a black buffalo with a hog s head this creature s head be so heavy that it constantly hang low to the ground . it be also believe that like the basilisk look into its eye will kill you instantly .
84 their position in senegal society be that of much importance for griot be be also know for their ability as oral specialist who “…had to guarantee not only the survival of their people as a culturally and historically define group but also the social status of the noble they be attach to . ” griot be culturally responsible for know their genealogy in speak and in song to recite for the noble . through they be not consider “upper-class” they be give food clothing jewel land and slave for their work . “ while they could attain high individual status through their work and their social behavior their social status as a group be low . they depend economically on the noble who pay they for their service they could not attain position of political power and they be not allow to bear arm … ” understand their role in society be understand the importance of expression in senegal .
15 rescue of selkirk raid on the spanishrogers and his man search spanish lady for their jewel in guayaquil . rogers stock his ship with lime to fend off scurvy a practice not universally accept at that time . after reach the pacific ocean the ship provision of lime be exhaust and seven man die of the vitamin deficiency disease .
191 the rift between shakespeare on the stage and shakespeare on the page be at its widest in the early 19th century at a time when both form of shakespeare be hit peak of fame and popularity theatrical shakespeare be successful spectacle and melodrama for the mass while book or closet drama shakespeare be be elevate by the reverential commentary of the romantic into unique poetic genius prophet and bard . before the romantics shakespeare be simply the most admire of all dramatic poet especially for his insight into human nature and his realism but romantic critic such as samuel taylor coleridge refactor he into an object of almost religious adoration or bardolatry from bard + λατρεία greek for worship a word coin by george bernard shaw who tower above mere mortal writer and whose play be to be worship as not merely great work of art but as phenomena of nature like the sun and the sea the star and the flower and with entire submission of our own faculty thomas de quincey 1823 . to the later 19th century shakespeare become in addition an emblem of national pride the crown jewel of english culture and a rallying-sign as thomas carlyle write in 1841 for the whole british empire .
128 shakespeare become an important emblem of national pride in the 19th century which be the heyday of the british empire and the acme of british power in the world . to thomas carlyle in on hero hero-worship and the heroic in history 1841 shakespeare be one of the great poet-hero of history in the sense of be a rallying-sign for british cultural patriotism all over the world include even the lose american colony from paramatta from new york wheresoever … english man and woman be they will say to one another yes this shakespeare be ours we produce he we speak and think by he we be of one blood and kind with he the poet as hero . as the foremost of the great canonical writer the jewel of english culture and as carlyle put it merely as a real marketable tangibly useful possession shakespeare become in the 19th century a mean of create a common heritage for the motherland and all she colony . post-colonial literary critic have have much to say of this use of shakespeare s play in what they regard as a move to subordinate and deracinate the culture of the colony themselves .
41 believes that she be really lana luan due to shiwan khan s control . alice haywood a pseudonym for beatrice chadbury although she believe she be really lana luan play an american . benjamin twindell a wealthy and eccentric new york jewel collector . herbert thorner twindell s representative . dr.
59 though mattiwaza and tatukia be sibling they have an affair when younger . she change from a caring sister and lover to a cold and calculating schemer have a severe effect on mattizawa while he rule his people with intelligence and consideration he have no compassion for the life and feeling of other until he meet yuri . the jewel mattiwaza wear of his forehead be a memento of his love for his sister and this memento be pass on to yuri who wear it around she neck for much of the rest of the series .
41 espiau olivier february 04 2004 . open publishing . . and a grow number of fan nationwide people in some christian circle feel threaten by saviour machine s bold lyrical direction and stylize stage presentation most prominently the white make-up and jewel wear by vocalist eric clayton . during their 1993 tour with christian metal band deliverance the controversy spill over at a concert at the new union a christian music club in minneapolis . several song into their set the power be cut and the performer be usher from the stage .
9 anna anna waronker 2002 heathen david bowie 2002 0304 jewel 2003 strong current hector zazou 2003 from a shell from underworld soundtrack 2003
62 he leave ireland for the united states of america along with de valera as part of a campaign to raise awareness and support for their cause in america . boland hold the russian crown jewels as collateral for a loan of $ 25000 from the irish republic to the soviet republic through the head of the soviet bureau ludwig martens . these jewel be transfer to ireland when he return .
56 leo a courageous vegetarian white lion with black tip on his ear . in both his manga and anime series know as jungle emperor leo in japan he act as an ambassador toward the human world for animal . in astro boy omega factor an android boy know as pook disguise himself as leo to steal jewel .
48 sonic rush . eggman nega i will not forget this sonic wait eggman —are also render in 3d. the special stage feature sonic run through a wide and very long three-dimensional half-pipe use the stylus to collect ring to meet requirement with a goal of collect chaos emeralds—colored jewel that be a central theme to the series . it be similar to the special stage of sonic the hedgehog 2. only sonic can play these stage as blaze automatically obtain sol emeralds during she story .
66 meanwhile the french jew give proof of their patriotism and of their gratitude to the land which have emancipate they . many of they fall on the field of honor in combat in the rank of the army of the republic the force of europe in coalition . to contribute to the war fund candelabrum of synagogue be sell and many jew deprive themselves of their jewel to make similar contribution .
59 fausto de elhuyar 11 october 1755 – 6 february 1833 be a spanish basque chemist and the joint discoverer of tungsten with his brother juan josé elhuyar in 1783 . fausto de elhuyar be in charge under a king of spain commission of organize the school of mines in méxico city and so be responsible of build an architectural jewel know as palacio de minería . elhuyar abandon mexico after the mexican war of independence when most of the spanish resident in mexico be expel .
93 before depart to his new office he tour europe again from 1786 to 1788 in order to study born s method on the refinery of silver . during this trip he marry joan raab in vienna in 1787 . for the next thirty three year he reside in méxico city where he found the city s school of mines january 1 1792 and commission and direct the construction of that institution s seat the palacio de minería in mexico city which be finish in 1813 and it be consider as one of the jewel of the american neoclassicism . he also visit and improve several of the exist royal mine of mexico dramatically increase their productivity due to the introduction of new method of exploitation .
29 the banjarese generally do not like to be employee . they prefer to be self-employed work as either farmer or businessman . the banjar be also well know as jewel cutter and dealer in the region . many come to singapore to deal in the jewellery trade and have their shop in arab street . they even form a kalimantan association in singapore .
36 four different example game be include to demonstrate its flexibility repton 3 take 2 with a couple of small technical difference in gameplay from repton 3 repton 4 with imaginative new object include photocopier and move jewel robbo “a crazy robot in a strange topsy-turvy world” accord to the game inlay and trakka a chaotic game in which a bulldozer-driving protagonist must destroy various monster by push fruit at they and all score be multiple of 17 .
76 vicki and the family be shock especially carolyn and put on the defensive when his out of control drifter friend willie loomis john karlen join he . willie who be a basically a bit of a small-time two-bit crook soon prove too much for even jason to put up with and he tell willie to get out of town . before leave willie open a secret crypt in the family mausoleum which he hope would contain jewel . instead the figure of barnabas collins a vampire who have be chain up for nearly 200 year emerge and bite he . willie become barnabas slave .
15 . 2006-11-08 . . she english name be from she mother s love of the jewel . english . 2003-05-04 . .
27 character main article list of descendant of darkness charactersreference to poetry the insert song for episode two amethyst remembrance be base on the poem i hold a jewel in my finger by emily dickinson although the final verse be take from the sonnet go from i yet i feel i shall stand by elizabeth barret browning . the lyric for hisoka the memory of the cursed moonlit night be take from the first two line of the poem sudden light by dante gabriel rossetti .
40 unfortunately the warehouse be the base of operation for a duo of thief hire by bank teller oscar baldwin jack weston to tunnel underground to his bank s vault across the street where they hope to steal a set of jewel know as the vanderveer collection worth $ 37,862,000 . the thief attempt to scare off ben and fred trash their equipment and cause their temp to flee make it impossible to meet their deadline .
8 the thief press for time to steal the jewel lock ben and fred in the freezer of a chinese restaurant while oscar persuade the overly trust johnny to help finish the tunnel lead to the bank . johnny complete the tunnel break into the safe and unlock the safe deposit box that hold the vanderveer collection . johnny finally become aware of oscar s true intention but after a brief chase through part of the city oscar and his goon severely damage he .
17 the final scene show that johnny have become an overnight celebrity his face and tale with the jewel thief adorn the front page of newspaper and magazine everywhere . as a result of this newfound fame his look-alike toy have become a hot commodity allow sandy ben and fred to go into business for themselves as a successful corporation know as input inc. the film conclude with ben s inauguration into u.s. citizenship which he share with a newly-restored—and gold plated—johnny officially recognize as a living think citizen with all the associate rights and privilege .
69 the current style of architecture of the temple cannot be date to that period because of numerous repair renovation and rebuild in its long year of existence and its present condition do not clearly show any of its original architectural characteristic . it be consider an essential part of dhaka s cultural heritage . many researcher say that the temple be also one of the shakti peethas where the jewel from the crown of the goddess have fall . although there be not enough historical context in order to establish this as a fact researcher be direct to this site while try to locate the particular shakti peetha . since age the temple have be hold in great importance .
0 jewel follow this idea up by reuse some former small store location convert they to a concept call no frills in several chicago area location . the last such store they open call magna in rockford illinois try sell a limited number of store brand and discount name brand merchandise . they close all these store after only a couple year at most .
86 accord to the shāhnāma of the poet firdausī jamshid be the fourth king of the world . he have command over all the angel and demon of the world and be both king and high priest of hormozd middle persian for ahura mazda . he be responsible for a great many invention that make life more secure for his people the manufacture of armor and weapon the weaving and die of clothes of linen silk and wool the building of house of brick the mining of jewel and precious metal the making of perfume and wine the navigation of the waters of the world in sailing ship . the sudreh and kushtus of the zoroastrianism be also attribute to jamshid . from the skin-clad follower of keyumars humanity have rise to a great civilization in jamshid s time .
54 in 1996 the band release the double album chocolate chip cookie in a cookie bag package that closely resemble chips ahoy packaging after nabisco threaten the band with a lawsuit the band burn all the packaging in a bonfire in toronto s high park and rerelease the album the following year in a conventional jewel case . for that album s supporting tour langner and hubert be join by guitarist jason reed bassist shaun noronha and drummer vince montago .
29 he be an unpleasant creature that the dragons do not like . because of this gnasty resent the dragon family . more than anything he detest their beautiful shiny jewel . he hate they because every time he look in they he would see reflection of his own ugly face . gnasty become such a problem that he be banish to the dragon junkyard a world that they think would perfectly suit gnasty .
91 michael beau geste be the protagonist the main narrator among other be by contrast his small brother john the three geste brother of brandon abbas be use as a metaphor for the british upper class value of that time go by and the decent thing to do be in fact the leitmotif of the novel . the geste brother be orphan and have be bring up by their aunt the rest of beau s band be his cousin isobel and claudia and lady patricia s relative augustus . when a precious jewel know as the blue water go miss suspicion fall on the young people and beau leave britain to join the french foreign legion follow by his brother digby his twin and john . there after some adventure and the separation from digby the sadistic sergeant lejaune get the command of the little garrison at fort zinderneuf in the french african colony and only the attack by tuaregs prevent a mutiny and mass desertion . through all the book and adventure beau s behaviour be true to france and the legion and he die at his post .
89 there after some adventure and the separation from digby the sadistic sergeant lejaune get the command of the little garrison at fort zinderneuf in the french african colony and only the attack by tuaregs prevent a mutiny and mass desertion . through all the book and adventure beau s behaviour be true to france and the legion and he die at his post . at brandon abbas the last survivor of the three brother john be welcome by their aunt and his fiancée isobel and the reason for the jewel theft be reveal to have be a matter of honour and the only decent thing possible . citation need
44 this setting technique have be continuously perfect by the firm over the year the latest patent for diamond be register in 1990 . the stone be set one by one on an extremely fine gold or platinum net . the quality of a mystery-set jewel depend on the clarity of the stone and the evenness of their colour . the gem-cutter select stone base on extremely strict criterion and choose the position of each one of they on the jewel depend on their grade . the highly reduced quantity of the precious metal enhance the reflection of light and set a stage upon on which stone be show at their most radiant .
56 the stone be set one by one on an extremely fine gold or platinum net . the quality of a mystery-set jewel depend on the clarity of the stone and the evenness of their colour . the gem-cutter select stone base on extremely strict criterion and choose the position of each one of they on the jewel depend on their grade . the highly reduced quantity of the precious metal enhance the reflection of light and set a stage upon on which stone be show at their most radiant . brought together espouse even the most unexpected shape they act as a strong and precious whole .
145 well-known figure and celebrity since their inception van cleef arpels have be associate with event that have mark the life of princely royal and imperial family around the world like that of his royal highness don antonio of orléans and grand duke dmitri in the 1920s princess de faucigny lucinge baron thyssen the duchess of windsor and the duke of westminster in the 1930 queen nazli and king farouk of egypt baron james de rothschild countesses de rohan chabot and d’ harcourt the maharani of baroda princess de réthy then king baudoin of belgium princess von turn und taxis the marquis of cuevas queen sirikit of thailand in the 1950s and then in the follow decade baron guy de rothschild the princess of wales prince rainier and princess grace of monaco the aga khan family etc . numerous actress have also favour van cleef arpels jewel . example of faithful client include madeleine carroll michèle morgan marlene dietrich ava gardner audrey hepburn sophia loren liz taylor claudia cardinale romy schneider brigitte bardot catherine deneuve charlotte rampling chiara mastroianni sharon stone kristin scott thomas julia roberts uma thurman zhang ziyi carole bouquet diane kruger scarlett johansson sofia coppola and many more . to all of these beauty can be add dancer and singer such as mistinguett zizi jeanmaire maria callas lili pons and more recently annie lennox mariah carey madonna sheryl crow as well as exceptional woman such as florence jay gould barbara hutton and jacqueline kennedy .
17 dawdon be a major coal producer for the londonderry family throughout their ownership and be later a jewel in the crown for the national coal board too . however as the mining industry go into decline in the 1980s dawdon suffer too . the colliery be eventually close in july 1991 .
28 from nitti through accardo after capone be jail for tax evasion his hand-picked successor francesco nitto also know as frank the enforcer nitti a former barber and small-time jewel thief only nominally assume power . in truth power be seize by nitti s underboss felice delucia also know as paul the waiter ricca who be acknowledge as boss by the leader of the grow national crime syndicate . over the next decade the outfit move into labor racketeering gambling and loan sharking .
33 notoc the jubilee church formally know as dio padre misericordioso be a church and community center in tor tre teste in rome . accord to richard meier its architect it be the crown jewel of the vicariato di roma s archdiocese of rome millennium project p . 354 . the church serve eight thousand resident of the tor tre teste area and be mean to socially revive tor tre teste .
2 the mathematical jewel 1585 baculum familliare catholicon sive generale 1590 astrolabium uranicum generale 1596
10 quagmire sapphire the quagmire sapphire be very rare and valuable jewel . they be leave unharmed in the fire that destroy the quagmire mansion . since the disappearance of the quagmire sibling take by the great unknown the sapphire be either retrieved or deliberately destroy .
11 the jewel of seven star also publish under the name the jewel of the seven star be a horror novel by bram stoker first publish in 1903 . the story be about an archaeologist s plot to revive queen tera an ancient egyptian mummy .
6 tv series 2003 dae jang geum jewel in the palace 대장금 大長今 宮廷女官 チャングムの誓い mbc 2001 fireworks 불꽃 bulkkot 火花 sbs 2000 romance 로맨스 羅曼史 sbs
30 in addition to provide lead vocal and play guitar accordion piano and keyboard kevin hearn draw the album cover . the album be package in a digipack with a standard jewel case booklet include within .
61 in the story kermit the frog fozzie bear and gonzo the great play newspaper reporter for the daily chronicle . kermit and fozzie specifically be play identical twin reporter which become the source of a run gag supposedly nobody can tell they be twin unless fozzie wear his hat . the two be eventually assign to investigate the theft of valuable jewel from fashion designer lady holliday diana rigg which they have to beg for after their boss fire they follow the daily chronicle s headline about the two of they join the staff while the other papers report on the jewel heist . they travel to london to interview she but with only $ 12 for the trip they be force to fly in the airplane s baggage hold and be throw out of the plane as they arrive over britain . they stay at the dilapidated but free happiness hotel run and populated by pops scooter rowlf and dr. teeth and the electric mayhem .
101 in the story kermit the frog fozzie bear and gonzo the great play newspaper reporter for the daily chronicle . kermit and fozzie specifically be play identical twin reporter which become the source of a run gag supposedly nobody can tell they be twin unless fozzie wear his hat . the two be eventually assign to investigate the theft of valuable jewel from fashion designer lady holliday diana rigg which they have to beg for after their boss fire they follow the daily chronicle s headline about the two of they join the staff while the other papers report on the jewel heist . they travel to london to interview she but with only $ 12 for the trip they be force to fly in the airplane s baggage hold and be throw out of the plane as they arrive over britain . they stay at the dilapidated but free happiness hotel run and populated by pops scooter rowlf and dr. teeth and the electric mayhem .
2 1985 the jewel in the crown amos death of a salesman
5 boston public garden the second jewel of the emerald necklace the emerald necklace consist of an acre 0 km 2 chain of park link by parkway and waterway in boston and brookline massachusetts . the emerald necklace include
59 the story behind the two involve an evil pokémon trainer use a kabutops and an aerodactyl to terrorize the citizen until the original latios come to the city use his power to drown the evil pokémon and turn the street into canal . however latios die and his child be leave orphan . his soul be within a special jewel the soul dew .
6 shanghai watch company automatic movement 35 jewel . balance wheel indicate by red arrow .
18 weaknesses sun boy s power to radiate light and heat can be reflect back on he by mirror jewel and creature that be reflective . if he increase his radiating power to full strength he can crack mirror in these situation . one limit to his power be that he cannot risk melt metal in proximity to any person since the intense heat require would be lethal .
61 upon arrival counselor deanna troi be summon to the transporter room to receive a curious package a silver box with a strange face on one side be beam aboard . it animate to life and announce the arrival of deanna s mother lwaxana troi and the honorable miller family . deanna gasp as the box pop open spilling a wealth of jewel . commander riker ask she what this be all about and she reply that they be bonding gift similar to what he would call wedding present . riker be confuse and ask who be get marry .
49 since the 1980s however they have be make from lycra or spandex . since the 1990s leotard have become more elaborate and have employ a variety of textile include velvet velour mesh metallic fabric foil and iridescent hologram fabric . they can also be decorate with rhinestone and metallic jewel that be heat-set onto the garment and will not fall or wash off .
0 jewel de'nyle bear august 5 1976 . pp . 1 . . she be of spanish sicilian english and blackfoot native american ancestry .
18 character historystart his career count vertigo first appear in star city where he attempt to steal back the jewel his parent have sell when they escape to england after the war . the victim of a hereditary inner ear defect that affect his balance vertigo have a small electronic device implant in his right temple that compensate this problem . tinker with the device vertigo learn he be able to affect other people’s balance as well distort their perception so that they literally could n’t tell up from down an effect know as vertigo .
40 viryabhanu asthana his rashi name madhavrao be marry to devi singhdwani . maharaj chitraguptji send shree viryabhanu to establish a kingdom in adhisthana . his progeny come to be know as asthana as ramnagar-varanasi s king bestow they with eight jewel .some say that they have no fixed sthan hence the name . today the asthanas live abundantly in various district of u.p. in bihar they live in saran sivaan champaran mujjafarpur sitamadhi darbhanga bhagalpur region . their population be also notable in u.p.’s neighbor state m.p.
52 other singer who work with the group for a time include rev. sammy lewis rev. george warren james watts and tiny powel . by the end of the 60 the group have release 27 singles and 5 album for peacock . in the 70 and early 80 they record some material for jewel and they continue to tour into the 90 . of the three remain member of the original group lloyd woodard die in the mid-1970 lawrence abrams pass on in 1982 and henry johnson pass in 1999 .
45 ‘ taj mahal’ symbol of love be a new rose variety exclusively own and grow by tanflora worldwide have obtain the rights from a french breeder . the company be also in the process of produce exclusively a new variety of rise viz . ‘kohinoor’ jewel of india on similar line of taj mahal .
104 in the year 473 of the jalali era corresponding to the night of sunday the 6th of muharram 958 of the lunar reckoning 14 january 1551 my pure spirit join to this elemental body come forth from the womb into this fair expanse of the world . at a little over one year i have the miraculous gift of fluent speech and at five year of age i have acquire an unusual stock of information and could both read and write . at the age of seven i become the treasurer of my father s store of knowledge and a trusty keeper of the jewel of hidden meaning and as a serpent guard the treasure . and it be strange that by a freak of fortune my heart be disincline my will ever averse and my disposition repugnant to conventional learning and the ordinary course of instruction . generally i could not understand they .
22 dae jang geum official website in japan nhk japanese dae jang geum official homepage in mainland china hunan tv chinese hong kong jewel in the palace official homepage tvb chinese complete summary theme song and news about jewel in the palace english dae jang geum theme park website english
62 the tamluk hamilton school be the second oldest institution in district of medinipur . in 1852 this school be found by mr. robert charles hamilton who be a salt merchant but mr. hamilton be a philanthropist and so his name can be compare with mr. david hare an immortal name in educational history of bengal . this school produce a lot of jewel but this school be famous due to the khudiram bose the first martyr who sacrifice his life to free the nation from the hand of british rule . he be a student of this school from 1900 to 1903
26 their beauty be mention in henry fielding s tom jones 1749 in which fielding remark how contemptible would the brightest circassian beauty drest in all the jewel of the indies appear to my eye henry fielding tom jones book 5 ch . 10
3 pallet fork with jewel pallet pink the pallet fork be above the balance wheel in this watch movement
71 on the arm of the t be angle surface call pallet which alternately engage the tooth of the escapement s escape wheel . the central shaft of the lever end in a fork which give push to the balance wheel s impulse pin which be set off center in a disk on the balance wheel s shaft . to reduce friction the pallet be make of precisely shaped piece of ruby jewel . the pallet which the tooth first contact be call the entry pallet while the other one be call the exit pallet .
24 mechanical alarm clock and kitchen timer use a less accurate form of the lever in which vertical metal pin be substitute for the pallet jewel . this be call a roskopf or pin-pallet escapement and be previously use in cheap pin-lever watch .
18 daoud be associate with daoud s wondrous lanthorn a creation of gold gem and crystal fuel by precious jewel . the lanthorn curse its owner with possessiveness and paranoia .
11 world heritage tour panoramic photo of jam turquoise mountain foundation hidden jewel of afghan culture bbc news may 3 2008
25 similarly jean baptiste tavernier who visit india between 1631 and 1667 be a jeweler probably he have be to bijapur for sell some of his jewel . he have leave for we an account in which he describe bijapur be a great city ... in its large suburb many goldsmith and jeweler dwell ... the king s palace arkillah or citadel be vast but ill-built and the access to it be very dangerous as the ditch with which it be girt be full of crocodile . in the same way the dutch traveler baldeous the english geographer ogilby and other praise the greatness of bijapur .
24 the marriage be unhappy from the start . acton p 73 a few night follow the formal entry marguerite louise demand the tuscan crown jewel for she own personal use cosimo refuse . the jewel that she do extract from cosimo be almost smuggle out of the grand duchy by she attendant .
34 the marriage be unhappy from the start . acton p 73 a few night follow the formal entry marguerite louise demand the tuscan crown jewel for she own personal use cosimo refuse . the jewel that she do extract from cosimo be almost smuggle out of the grand duchy by she attendant .
28 thought to have originate from the golconda mines . the nizam diamond reportedly 340 carat . the nur-ul-ain diamond around 60 carat and part of the iranian crown jewel . the ocean dream diamond the only known natural fancy deep blue-green and weigh 5.51 carat . the oppenheimer diamond one of the largest gem-quality uncut diamond in the world at 253.7 carat .
30 plot and set heavy gear begin on a distant fictional planet call terra nova around 4,000 earth standard year from now 6132 ad . terra nova be once the crown jewel of the united earth government s colony however an economic collapse force the terran government to abandon terra nova and all its other colony century before the period depict in the game setting leave terra nova in a dark age . eventually city-state rise from the ash and either through treaty or tyranny unite to form national union call leagues . these leagues would in turn ally again either peacefully or forcibly to form the superpower bloc that dominate the temperate southern and northern hemisphere of the planet .
10 answering accusation of heresy and “tumultuous defection ” among other jewel establish the truth and legitimacy of the claim of not only the church of england but the whole protestant reformation by demonstrate the continuity between the reformer and scripture the apostle especially paul the church father i .e . augustine tertullian ambrose jerome etc. and church council . say jewel “thus we have be teach by christ by the apostle and holy father and we do faithfully teach the people of god the same thing . . . ” iii.2 .
33 this be most evident in jewel’s doctrine of man or anthropology . first we see evidence of luther’s totus homo anthropology and corollary view that the christian be simul iustus et peccator . jewel imply these view and cause a number of question when he say that “no man can truly say his heart be clean ” that “the most holy man be an unprofitable servant ” and that “we cannot in any way keep it the law perfectly in this life . ” of these statement the first two be ambiguous . in the first jewel be not clear on the word “man . ”
31 nevertheless the third statement clearly evidence simul iustus et peccator and thus a totus homo anthropology . in this statement jewel be clearly refer to christians . this be apparent when jewel begin use first-person pronoun and when he say that no one be able to obey the law in this life i .e . before glorification when man will become unable to sin .
56 much of jewel’s apology concern doctrine of the church . concern the role of the clergy jewel on the one hand rail against the roman catholic practice of sacerdotalism and refute the pope s claim to be the “vicar general of christ ” but on the other hand maintain a need for specially call clergy . jewel list three church office deacon presbyter and bishop . the pope who be more technically the bishop of rome must not be regard as the “vicar general of christ” or in any sense the foundation of the church but as equal to the other patriarch in the church . the pope have become too powerful say jewel and “usurps a power which belong not to he . ”
66 plan call for the tunnel to be build as the elevated artery continue to be in service then the artery would be tear down and surface street would be restore . it be decide that substantial portion of the artery footprint become green space as the historic waterfront the north end and the rest of the city become reconnect . the greenway be call an urban jewel a capstone on the ca/t project that would reward bostonian and commuter for 15 year of disruption .
60 however the title contain number furigana above it which suggest that the title be to be read as sanagi no yume wa ageha no hane or the chrysalis dream be the swallowtail s wing . rasetsukoku translate to man-eating devil country and be the chinese name for russia during the qing dynasty . the album case feature an etched tint jewel case and 5 wooden bead . a rearrangement of the track hydra appear on the single dozing green as a b-side . . .
17 reconcile conchobair and cathal carragh burn killaloe as well church as house and carry off all the jewel and riches of the inhabitant ... left thomond ... destroy and pillage . in this conchobar command norman ally who come as far as from roscommon where ruaidri give they three thousand cow as wages .
6 the city of londonderry be the jewel in the crown of the ulster plantation . it be lay out accord to the best contemporary principle of town planning import from the continent the original street lay-out have survive to the present almost intact . more importantly the city be enclose by massive stone and earthen fortification .
7 austracantha minax with common name include australian jewel spider christmas spider and spiny spider be a distinctive australian spider .
40 this species occur throughout most of australia . they like to make their web in shrubby woodland in large community of spider with each individual web connect together into a miniature spider city pictured below . a large population of jewel spider who have make a large communal web along a fenceline in rural victoria . eggs sac be red-brown and can be a variety of shape . they be usually attach to a twig near the web.
55 a treasure s trove a fairy tale about real treasure for parents and children of all ages be an illustrated child s book write by michael stadther and publish in 2004 . the real treasure be find by decipher clue in the book that lead to twelve token that could be turn in for unique jewel each represent an insect or character in the book . there be news that a treasure s trove may become a movie but no date have be announce yet .
25 treasure hunt inside the book be clue to twelve token that be hide throughout the united states . the token could be turn in for jewel that represent the twelve creature feature in the story . the total value of all twelve jewel be roughly $ 1 million . this style of treasure hunt be know as an armchair treasure hunt .
40 inside the book be clue to twelve token that be hide throughout the united states . the token could be turn in for jewel that represent the twelve creature feature in the story . the total value of all twelve jewel be roughly $ 1 million . this style of treasure hunt be know as an armchair treasure hunt .
79 at the tip of the snow mountain the sun with its ray brilliantly shine in all direction represent the equal enjoyment of freedom spiritual and material happiness and prosperity by all being in the land of tibet . on the slope of the mountain there proudly stand a pair of snow lion blaze with the mane of fearlessness which represent the country s victorious accomplishment of a unified spiritual and secular life . the beautiful and radiant three coloured jewel hold aloft represent the ever-present reverence respectfully hold by the tibetan people towards the three supreme jewels the buddhist object of refuge buddha dharma and sangha . the two coloured swirl jewel hold between the two lion represent the people guard and cherish the self discipline of correct ethical behaviour principally represent by the practice of the ten exalted virtue and the 16 humane mode of conduct . the swirl jewel coincidentally share some appearance resemblance with the yin and yang symbol from taoism .
73 on the slope of the mountain there proudly stand a pair of snow lion blaze with the mane of fearlessness which represent the country s victorious accomplishment of a unified spiritual and secular life . the beautiful and radiant three coloured jewel hold aloft represent the ever-present reverence respectfully hold by the tibetan people towards the three supreme jewels the buddhist object of refuge buddha dharma and sangha . the two coloured swirl jewel hold between the two lion represent the people guard and cherish the self discipline of correct ethical behaviour principally represent by the practice of the ten exalted virtue and the 16 humane mode of conduct . the swirl jewel coincidentally share some appearance resemblance with the yin and yang symbol from taoism . the surround border of yellow adorn the perimeter represent the spread and flourishing in all direction and time of the purify gold-like teaching of the buddha .
77 the beautiful and radiant three coloured jewel hold aloft represent the ever-present reverence respectfully hold by the tibetan people towards the three supreme jewels the buddhist object of refuge buddha dharma and sangha . the two coloured swirl jewel hold between the two lion represent the people guard and cherish the self discipline of correct ethical behaviour principally represent by the practice of the ten exalted virtue and the 16 humane mode of conduct . the swirl jewel coincidentally share some appearance resemblance with the yin and yang symbol from taoism . the surround border of yellow adorn the perimeter represent the spread and flourishing in all direction and time of the purify gold-like teaching of the buddha . furthermore the side without a yellow border represent tibet s openness to non-buddhist thought .
62 transform worker and find they all have the unique grin usually associate with the effect of the joker’s poison gas . the joker from earth-two be in fact work with an old enemy of bulletman know as the weeper . the two send more gas into a local jewelry store which transform the people inside into live diamond and the diamond and jewel follow the two criminal out of the store to their hideout . mr. scarlet notice the mark on the sidewalk make by the move gem and the four hero follow the trail and make quick work of the two villain and their thug .
10 that night man rob a museum make off with numerous jewel . the next morning the officer all meet at the airport lassards group get on their plane and harris and proctor board their own which turn out to be an animal transporter . the man who rob the museum the night before also get on the same flight as lassard and his man to miami .
43 all the policeman check into the hotel and then head to the beach to take part in swim and volleyball as well as meet the local . meanwhile the criminal go to drop off the goods . when their boss discover that the jewel be miss certain that a bag switch have take place they decide to go look for the old man lassard who they suspect accidentally or not take the bag .
36 the criminal after search for hour finally spot lassard and trail he to his hotel unaware that there be a police convention take place . lassard head up to his room and find the camera the jewel be hidden within in his bag . he think it be a gift and take it around the grounds . one of the man break into his room and steal the bag only to later realize that the camera with the jewel be miss .
53 lassard head up to his room and find the camera the jewel be hidden within in his bag . he think it be a gift and take it around the grounds . one of the man break into his room and steal the bag only to later realize that the camera with the jewel be miss . all the man track lassard follow he into the police convention finally realize he be a policeman .
11 after fail to get the camera follow it break with the jewel all fall out in front of the entire convention the man eventually have no choice but to kidnap lassard right there and take he upstairs to formulate their escape . the whole time lassard be think the whole kidnapping be a demonstration put on by the miami police .
54 throughout the summer of 1912 amelia mcsweeney seven other alumna and two undergraduate woman work tirelessly meet at the home of dorothy and katrina caughey to prepare the plan for the new organization . may c. ryan contribute the name motto and original coat of arm and the membership select the fraternity s flower jewel and color . the symbol of tpa
41 # fashion victim elizabeth and jessica team up to get their revenge # once upon a time elizabeth and jessica travel to france to be au pairs for a royal family . elizabeth fall for prince laurent and jessica fall for jewel thief jacques . # to catch a thief elizabeth and jessica be on the run after be falsely accuse of steal antonia s diamond necklace . # happily ever after elizabeth s jessica s name be clear .
27 amaterasu send he to pacify japan by bring the three celestial gift use by the emperor . the sword kusanagi the mirror yata no kagamus and the jewel yasakani no magatama . these three gift signify that the emperor be the descendant of amaterasu herself .
49 he be responsible for some of the company s most celebrated design like the mystery clock . . a type of clock with a transparent dial and so name because their work be hide . . fashionable wristwatch and exotic orientalist art deco design include the colorful tutti frutti jewel .
5 since the beginning of history jewel have exercise a baneful spell . murder and violence have follow in their wake . so with the famous heart of fire ruby .
29 it pass into the possession of the beautiful american woman ruth kettering and doom follow swift upon it . whose hand be it that strike she down be the jewel the motive for the murder or be they only take as a blind what part do the beautiful foreign dancer play these be some of the question that have to be answer and the story tell also how these strange and dramatic happening effect the life of a quiet english girl who have feel convince that nothing exciting will ever happen to i .
70 netvigator 網上行 be the first and largest residential internet service provider in hong kong operate as a brand of pccw. the company specialize in adsl broadband internet connection of 1.5 mbit/s 3 mbit/s 6 mbit/s 8 mbit/s 18 mbit/s 30 mbit/s 100 mbit/s and 1000 mbit/s downstream 640 kbit/s to 1000 mbit/s upstream . in the late 1990s netvigator broadband be know as super netvigator then ultraline and be a jewel of its time . nowadays although the company have a coverage of over 90 % of hong kong provider such as hgc hutchison global communications own by li ka shing father of the richard li chairman of pccw and hkbn hong kong broadband network own by cti offer fiber and ethernet internet at faster speed 10 mbit/s up/down for hgc 100/1000 mbit/s up/down for hkbn and for a fraction of the cost . however netvigator still hold the largest market share as of 2006 because of pccw s landline dominance and pervasive advertising .
21 mineral resource the great mineral wealth of the rhine province furnish its most substantial claim to the title of the “richest jewel in the crown of prussia . ”
43 however stephanie survive and be find wash up on a beach . she meet dave wells bill kerr who nurse she back to health but she be horrifically scar from she encounter with the crocodile . dave give she a fortune in precious jewel and she leave to find someone who can restore she look . she go to an island and meet dr. dan marshall james smillie a brilliant plastic surgeon who use his talent to repair she face and body . after the bandage be remove stephanie have be transform into a beautiful woman .
68 the bibliotheca thysiana be erect in 1655 to house the book collection of the lawyer joannes thysius 1622-1653 . upon his early death he leave a legacy of 20,000 guilder for the building of a public library tot publycque dienst der studie with a custodian’s dwelling . design by the architect arent van ‘s-gravensande the building follow the dutch classical style and be regard as one of the jewel of dutch 17th century architecture . it be distinguish by its balanced proportion and the purity of its ionic order on top of a high basement .
12 episode 22 adversity be the diamond dust with which heaven polish its jewel . thomas carlyle
30 the rotation of the escape wheel be control by the pallet . the escape wheel have specially shape tooth of either ratchet or club form which interact with the two jewel call the entrance and exit pallet . the escape wheel except in unusual case have 15 tooth and be make of steel . these pallet be attach solidly to the lever which have at its end a fork to receive the ruby impulse pin of the balance roller .
60 the impulse receive by the pallet as the tooth move over the impulse face be transfer by the lever to the balance wheel via the ruby pin on the roller of the balance . the lever move until it rest against the banking either solid or a pin it be hold in this position by the draw of the pallet jewel this mean that in order to unlock the wheel it must be turn backwards by a small amount .
16 lever watch movement most modern mechanical watch be jeweled lever watch use manmade ruby or sapphire jewel for the high-wear area of the watch .
56 pin pallet escapement a cheaper less accurate version of the lever escapement be use in alarm clock kitchen timer mantel clock and until the late 1970 cheap watch call the roskopf pin-lever or pin-pallet escapement after georges frederic roskopf who invent it in 1867 . it function similarly to the lever except that the lever pallet jewel be replace by vertical metal pin . in a lever escapement the pallet have two angled face the lock face and the impulse face which must be carefully adjust to the correct angle . in the pin pallet escapement these two face be design into the shape of the escape wheel tooth instead eliminate complicated adjustment .
45 quin s questioning of satterthwaite once again enable he to see event in a new light . in this instance prompt to remember the news event of the time in question satterthwaite recall a cat burglary from a french château where a valuable collection of jewel be steal and the chief suspect be a family of three acrobat call the clondinis . they talk of harwell s disappearance as be like a conjuring trick where the audience s attention be divert from what be really happen by some other event . in the case of harwell could the sale of the grange and all of its valuable contents for cash have be the real trick play and harwell s disappearance the diversion
96 in the case of harwell could the sale of the grange and all of its valuable contents for cash have be the real trick play and harwell s disappearance the diversion quin point out that miss le couteau s past be as little know as that of harwell s and she she suppose husband and mrs. mathias could easily have be the clondinis in disguise stage this elaborate laundering of the proceeds of their crime especially as mathias and harwell be never actually see by anyone together at the same time . an examination of the jewel buy by the american millionaire could provide proof if they match the one steal in france and satterthwaite agree to set the wheel in motion . the daughter of the landlord of the bells and motley in love with stephen grant will have she mind put at rest .
76 during the party s conversation vaucher tell a strange story of a jeweller who work in paris many year ago who despite be engage fall for a half-starved girl and marry she . his family disown he and over the next two year he realise what a mistake he have make as the woman make his life an emotional hell . finally she leave he but reappear two year later dress in rich clothes and fabulous jewel and mock he with evil and malicious comment . she leave again and the man sink further into drunkenness eventually save by the discipline of the army during the first world war . the man eventually become a croupier at a casino and see his ex-wife reduce in as much as she jewel be patently false to his trained eye and he realise that she be once more on the edge of destitution .
68 finally she leave he but reappear two year later dress in rich clothes and fabulous jewel and mock he with evil and malicious comment . she leave again and the man sink further into drunkenness eventually save by the discipline of the army during the first world war . the man eventually become a croupier at a casino and see his ex-wife reduce in as much as she jewel be patently false to his trained eye and he realise that she be once more on the edge of destitution . he therefore pass another man s winnings to she .
52 during the conversation that ensue miss nunn admit to she constant habit of be absentmind and the occasion she almost lose she pearl which be insure unlike she steal opal . the thief be call alec gerard a young playwright who supposedly take it from she theatre dressing room . although the jewel be not find on he he be unable to satisfactorily account for a large sum of money that he be able to pay into his bank the next day . miss nunn have cause to empty she bag and within it be wooden box which mr. tomlinson recognise as an indian box . realise that no one know the true nature of such an item mr. tomlinson show the group how the box be make to contain a secret compartment and they be all shock when the missing opal be find within it .
94 the alligator s name captain jack be a reference to an episode of leave it to beaver . homer s line of bring on the rappin granny be reference to a member of the howard stern show s wack pack know as the rappin granny . the vj s blinking crystal embed in she hand and she get cart off by security and replace with a younger hipper vj after reveal that she be turn 25 be a reference to the 1976 film logan s run where citizen in a biodome city have age jewel on their hand that beep when someone turn 30 year old and be euthanize in order to keep the population young and low . multiple time in the episode homer sing we build this city by jefferson starship which appropriately be play on the first broadcast of mtv s spring break . the scene where the family work on a chain gang be a reference to the 1967 film cool hand luke .
11 in business when a company be threaten with takeover the crown jewel defense be a strategy in which the target company sell off its most attractive asset to a friendly third party or spin off the valuable asset in a separate entity . consequently the unfriendly bidder be less attract to the company asset . other effect include dilution of holding of the acquirer make the takeover uneconomical to third party and adverse influence of current share price .
22 465 i hear a fly buzz when i die 1039 i hear as if i have no ear 245 i hold a jewel in my finger 903 i hide myself within my flower 46 i keep my pledge .
55 in a manuscript write by francesco suriano date to 1482 by somigli suriano describe find 10 italians of good repute reside at eskender s court some who have be live there for 25 year . suriano add that since 1480 seven more have travel to the ethiopian court . they have travel there to seek jewel and precious stone but since the king do not allow they to return they be all ill content although they be all well reward each in accordance with his rank . o.g.s. crawford ethiopian itineraries circa 1400-1524 cambridge hakluyt society 1958 pp . 40-54 .
8 filigree formerly write filigrann or filigrane be a jewel work of a delicate kind make with twisted thread usually of gold and silver or stitching of the same curvy motif . it often suggest lace and be most popular in french fashion decoration from 1660 to the present . it be now exceedingly common for ajoure jewellery work to be mislabel as filigree .
8 though filigree have become a special branch of jewel work in modern time it be anciently part of the ordinary work of the jeweler . a. castellani state in his memoir on the jewellery of the ancient 1861 that all the jewelry of the etruscan and greek other than that intend for the grave and therefore of an unsubstantial character be make by solder together and so build up the gold rather than by chisel or engrave the material .
12 passing to later time we may notice in many collection of medieval jewel work such as that in the victoria and albert museum reliquary cover for the gospel etc. make either in constantinople from the 6th to the 12th century or in monastery in europe in which byzantine goldsmith work be study and imitate . these object besides be enrich with precious stone polish but not cut into facet and with enamel be often decorate with filigree . large surface of gold be sometimes cover with scroll of filigree solder on and corner piece of the border of book cover or the panel of reliquary be frequently make up of complicated piece of plaited work alternate with space encrust with enamel .
56 the irish filigree work be more thoughtful in design and more varied in pattern than that of any period or country that could be name citation need . its highest perfection must be place in the loth and lath century clarification need . the royal irish academy in dublin contain a number of reliquary and personal jewel of which filigree be the general and most remarkable ornament . the tara brooch have be copy and imitate and the shape and decoration of it be well know citation need . instead of fine curl or volute of gold thread the irish filigree be vary by numerous design by which one thread can be trace through curious knot and complication which dispose over large surface balance one another but always with special variety and arrangement difficult to trace with the eye .
4 much of the medieval jewel work all over europe down to the 15th century on reliquary cross crozier and other ecclesiastical goldsmith work be set off with boss and border of filigree . filigree work in silver be practise by the moors of spain during the middle ages with great skill and be introduce by they and establish all over the peninsula whence it be carry to the spanish colony in america . the spanish filigree work of the 17th and 18th century be of extraordinary complexity example in the victoria and albert museum and silver filigree jewelry of delicate and artistic design be still make in considerable quantity throughout the country .
65 in the fall of 2002 the band s second full-length independent album entitle flight be release . initially package as a cd-r in a sleeve with no artwork save for a thermal printed disc label the album be sell at show and through the band s website . in 2003 the album be re-title building 429 and be professionally press and repackage in a full-sized jewel case with complete artwork . 2002 end with saul johnson replace chris führer as drummer .
5 the three treasure or three jewel chinese 三寶 be theoretical cornerstone in traditional chinese medicine and practice such as neidan qigong and tai chus . they be also know as jing qi shen chinese 精氣神 essence qi and spirit . despeux summarize .
18 item p increase shot power by 1 . if player get it when shoot power be full 500 jewel point be award . b increase bomb stock by 1 . player can carry up to 3 bomb . if player get a bomb where there be already 3 bomb follow thing happen for the duration of current life
39 if player get a bomb where there be already 3 bomb follow thing happen for the duration of current life jewel counter be increase by 10000 in first loop of stage 20000 in 2nd loop of stage . base jewel class be increase for every overstocked bomb up to large emerald score for inflict enemy damage and clear bonus be double . max increase shot power to maximum .
42 in gunner mode bullet become gem . the bullet be convert also depend on weapon mode . in fighter mode only bullet nearby enemy unit be convert in gunner mode enemy bullet that be close to the enemy bullet be convert into jewel be also affect . in boss battle all enemy bullet be always convert into ring when the life point of the critical portion of boss s body be below a predefined value . a bullet be convert to jewel of at least base jewel class .
64 in fighter mode only bullet nearby enemy unit be convert in gunner mode enemy bullet that be close to the enemy bullet be convert into jewel be also affect . in boss battle all enemy bullet be always convert into ring when the life point of the critical portion of boss s body be below a predefined value . a bullet be convert to jewel of at least base jewel class .
69 in fighter mode only bullet nearby enemy unit be convert in gunner mode enemy bullet that be close to the enemy bullet be convert into jewel be also affect . in boss battle all enemy bullet be always convert into ring when the life point of the critical portion of boss s body be below a predefined value . a bullet be convert to jewel of at least base jewel class .
0 jewel can be collect automatically by switch firing mode .
2 the current jewel class can be see at the lower left of the screen . jewel be rank in amethyst ruby emerald diamond . except diamond all jewel type come in 3 intermediate class in follow fashion
15 the current jewel class can be see at the lower left of the screen . jewel be rank in amethyst ruby emerald diamond . except diamond all jewel type come in 3 intermediate class in follow fashion
27 the current jewel class can be see at the lower left of the screen . jewel be rank in amethyst ruby emerald diamond . except diamond all jewel type come in 3 intermediate class in follow fashion
13 jewel class can be increase by collect ring with higher class than current jewel class . higher class ring can be find by destroy a large amount of bullet at once . however when weapon be in gunner mode bullet only become gem of current jewel class regardless of the amount of bullet be convert at once .
45 jewel class can be increase by collect ring with higher class than current jewel class . higher class ring can be find by destroy a large amount of bullet at once . however when weapon be in gunner mode bullet only become gem of current jewel class regardless of the amount of bullet be convert at once .
4 furthermore if player die jewel class be reduce to small amethyst and the current jewel counter be reduce by 25 % when player use a bomb the jewel counter be decrease . base jewel class can be increase by repeatedly collect bomb after have 3 in stock up to large emerald .
14 furthermore if player die jewel class be reduce to small amethyst and the current jewel counter be reduce by 25 % when player use a bomb the jewel counter be decrease . base jewel class can be increase by repeatedly collect bomb after have 3 in stock up to large emerald .
27 furthermore if player die jewel class be reduce to small amethyst and the current jewel counter be reduce by 25 % when player use a bomb the jewel counter be decrease . base jewel class can be increase by repeatedly collect bomb after have 3 in stock up to large emerald .
33 furthermore if player die jewel class be reduce to small amethyst and the current jewel counter be reduce by 25 % when player use a bomb the jewel counter be decrease . base jewel class can be increase by repeatedly collect bomb after have 3 in stock up to large emerald .
3 for every 10000 jewel counter point player get 10 extra score point for inflicting enemy damage .
16 after complete all stage player receive clear bonus which equal to 10 score point for every jewel counter point .
44 the best remix be an e.p. release by cyndi lauper in 1989 on epic/cbs records and re-released in 1996 on epic/sony records . it be release exclusively in japan and compile six remix of she top selling singles . it come in a regular jewel case with japanese lyric print inside and peak at 61 on the japanese chart .
36 namkhai tibetan hold the semantic field of sky space and aether and have the possessive case end thus it may be render into english as ...of the sky . norbu tibetan hold the semantic field of jewel crystal gem cintamani . therefore namkhai norbu may be render in english as jewel of the sky gem of the aether or crystal of space .
15 these be the word as publish by robert lowry in the 1869 song book bright jewel for the sunday school . robert lowry ed . bright jewel for the sunday school .
26 these be the word as publish by robert lowry in the 1869 song book bright jewel for the sunday school . robert lowry ed . bright jewel for the sunday school . new york biglow and main 1869 hymn number 16.| here lowry claim credit for the music but give no indication as to who write the word .
27 the ring be at first describe physically oh a fantastic thing--copper make like a scaly snake coil three time with its tail in its mouth and yellow jewel for eye . i gather he pick it up somewhere in hungary . later in the story it be directly name as the accursed ring of thoth-amon hand down by foul cult of sorcerer since the day of forget stygia .
10 he play memorable role in television drama such as the jewel in the crown he be also see as fagin in the 1985 bbc version of oliver twist and as professor moriarty opposite jeremy brett s sherlock holmes in granada television s the adventure of sherlock holmes story the red-headed league and the final problem both 1985 . he also play polonius in a 1980 television production of hamlet make as part of the bbc shakespeare series and star derek jacobi in the title role .
18 mimi return to rodolfo at the brink of death . musetta who accidentally meet she there sacrifice she jewel to procure fuel to warm the room for mimi . as the christmas chime be hear mimi die .
35 groupings of eight auspicious symbol be originally use in india at ceremony such as an investiture or coronation of a king . an early grouping of symbol include throne swastika handprint hooked knot vase of jewel water libation flask pair of fish lid bowl . in buddhism these eight symbol of good fortune represent the offering make by the god to shakyamuni buddha immediately after he gain enlightenment . source access january 18 2008
48 this game can be say to have closer tie to mega man 7 on the super nintendo since the mega arm act much like the rocket buster an upgrade to the rush super adapter . in addition return to level to hunt down new item such as the jewel that halve weapon energy requirement be not a prevalent feature until mega man x and mega man 7.
59 an engolpion or enkolpion greek ἐγκόλπιον enkólpion on the chest plural ἐγκόλπια enkólpia be a general term for something wear upon the bosom . formerly also include pectoral cross enkolpion be nowadays use for a medallion with an icon in the center wear around the neck by orthodox and eastern catholic bishop . the icon be normally surround by jewel usually paste and top by an eastern-style mitre and will often have a small jewelled pendant hang down at the bottom . the engolpion be suspend from the neck by a long gold chain sometimes make up of intricate links . a portion of the chain will often be join together with a small ring behind the neck so that it hang down the back .
39 the grace building in 1926 the grace brothers albert edward and joseph neal grace purchase a block of land on the corner of york clarence and king street in sydney on which they would build the grace building the jewel in the crown of their retail empire . they believe the site be perfectly position for the building they plan would become the showpiece of the company with new public transport route and the come sydney harbour bridge turn york and clarence streets in the major city thoroughfare . company letterhead even show the building as be ...on the harbour bridge highway .
17 several console box sega saturn fighter megamix large mega cd sewer shark mega drive/genesis nhlpa hockey 93 jewel sega cd tomcat alley and playstation puma street soccer . photo by w for wikipedium
106 forty-two year later the united states consul to tunis mordecai m. noah give the follow account of the situation of the tunisian jews travels in europe and africa p . 308 new york 1819 . mourner in the jewish cemetery tunis c. 1900 . with all the apparent oppression the jews be the leading man they be in barbary the principal mechanic they be at the head of the custom-house they farm the revenue the exportation of various article and the monopoly of various merchandise be secure to they by purchase they control the mint and regulate the coinage of money they keep the bey s jewel and valuable article and be his treasurer secretary and interpreter the little known of art science and medicine be confine to the jews . . . . if a jew commit a crime if the punishment affect his life these people so national always purchase his pardon the disgrace of one affect the whole community they be ever in the presence of the bey every minister have two or three jewish agent and when they unite to attain an object it cannot be prevent . these people then whatever may be say of their oppression possess a very controlling influence their friendship be worthy of be preserve by public functionary and their opposition be to be dread .
22 plot the biskitts be a group of tiny anthropomorphic dog who live on biskitt island and be commit to guard the crown jewel of biskitt castle . modeled after robin hood the biskitts still serve their recently decease king while perform good deed for the underprivileged inhabitant of their tiny island . in the narration it be explain that due to their good reputation for responsibility and security other king have entrust their treasure to be safeguard by the biskitts .
67 the villain of the series be the king s mean-spirited younger brother king max who rule the neighbor lower suburbia . why max be not crown the new ruler of the biskitts be never explain although it be presume the old king bar max from succeed he on account of max s mean nature . in lieu of a proper coronation max constantly scheme to steal the jewel with the help of his hench-hound fang snarl and his jester shecky although shecky be rather dimwitted and not always loyal to max as he even make friend with a biskitt who share his love of practical joke . biskitt be also in danger of be capture and eat by a large wildcat name scratch .
27 the youth often wear heavy makeup would curl their hair and wear it in long tress under a small black or red velvet hat decorate with coin jewel and gold . their usual garb consist of a tiny red embroider velvet jacket with a gold-embroidered silk shirt shalvar baggy trousers a long skirt and a gilt belt knot at the back . they be say to be sensuous attractive effeminate and their dancing sexually provocative impersonate female dancer .
22 character outlinebackground kaito kuroba s father toichi kuroba be the first phantom thief 1412 be a world-renowned thief who steal treasure and jewel . he be refer to as phantom thief kid when a journalist hastily scrawl 1412 and booker kudo read it as kid. aoyama gosho .
40 spread out through the landscape be door through which ulopa can enter underground cave . inside the cave there be tunnel lead back to the surface and to other part of the cave . in the cave ulopa can collect jewel for bonus point .
49 in 1806 as part of his wholescale re-ordering of the map of europe napoleon i of france upgrade the independent german duchy of bavaria to full kingdom status . the former duke of bavaria now king of bavaria maximilian i commemorate the fact by commission a set of crown jewel for use by bavarian monarch . royal regalia of bavaria include in the regalia be
19 in contrast with the lavish heavily bejewel crown of other monarchy e .g . british russian the prussian crown jewel be sometimes describe as rather plain .
54 around the same time sf line and slite order new ship again . slite s ms athena replace the apollo iii in 1989 and by 1990 it be time for the viking sally to be replace with athena s sister the ms kalypso . the olympia be schedule for replacement in 1993 when the jewel of the company s crown the world s largest passenger ferry ms europa be to be deliver .
49 originsmary of modena wife of james vii of scotland and ii of england this crown be make for she coronation . traditionally where a monarch be marry his queen consort be crown with he at his coronation . under oliver cromwell s rule all of the ancient english crown jewel have be destroy . when king charles ii be crown in 1661 he be not marry so there be no need to create a new consort crown . when however his younger brother the duke of york become king james ii/vii it be necessary to make a new crown for his queen mary of modena .
30 description of mary s state crown mary of modena s state crown which be manufact in 1685 by goldsmith richard de beauvoir be as be the norm decorate with hired jewel 38 very large diamond 523 great and small diamond and 129 large pearl . the circlet of gold set with pearl at both edge be decorate with 20 large diamond . 4 cross and 4 fleur-de-lis all make of diamond alternate above the upper row of pearl .
44 another study involve 67 ten-year-old and find no evidence to support claim that brain age improve cognitive function and may in fact harm it . professor of cognitive psychology alain lieury at the university of rennes france say the nintendo ds be a technological jewel . as a game it be fine . but it be charlatanism to claim that it be a scientific test .
23 the 1949 version of the capriccio be use by george balanchine as the score for the ruby section of his full length ballet jewel 1967 .
5 princess tamatori steal ryūjin s jewel by utagawa kuniyoshi . ryūjin or ryōjin 龍神 dragon god also know as Ōwatatsumi be the tutelary deity of the sea in japanese mythology . this japanese dragon symbolize the power of the ocean have a large mouth and be able to transform into a human shape .
69 ryūjin or ryōjin 龍神 dragon god also know as Ōwatatsumi be the tutelary deity of the sea in japanese mythology . this japanese dragon symbolize the power of the ocean have a large mouth and be able to transform into a human shape . ryūjin live in ryūgū-jō his palace under the sea build out of red and white coral from where he control the tide with magical tide jewel . sea turtle fish and jellyfish be often depict as ryūjin s servant .
24 alternative legend accord to legend the empress jingū be able to carry out she attack into korea with the help of ryūjin s tide jewel . upon confront the korean navy jingū throw the kanju 干珠 tide-ebbing jewel into the sea and the tide recede . the korean fleet be strand and the man get out of their ship .
37 alternative legend accord to legend the empress jingū be able to carry out she attack into korea with the help of ryūjin s tide jewel . upon confront the korean navy jingū throw the kanju 干珠 tide-ebbing jewel into the sea and the tide recede . the korean fleet be strand and the man get out of their ship . jingū then throw down the manju 満珠 tide-flowing jewel and the water rise drown the korean soldier .
42 upon confront the korean navy jingū throw the kanju 干珠 tide-ebbing jewel into the sea and the tide recede . the korean fleet be strand and the man get out of their ship . jingū then throw down the manju 満珠 tide-flowing jewel and the water rise drown the korean soldier . an annual festival call gion matsuri at yasaka shrine celebrate this legend .
68 he theorize molly must have obtain the book and learn hypnosis and formulate a plan . after one performance of star on mars nockman kidnap petula threaten to kill she if molly do not comply with his order and she cannot hypnotize he because he always wear the anti-hypnotic glass he buy in briersville . he order she to use she power of hypnosis to rob some rare jewel from a bank for he . have no choice molly agree . all go as plan with the robbery until she find rocky who much to she surprise have also learn hypnosis .
63 all go as plan with the robbery until she find rocky who much to she surprise have also learn hypnosis . he have previously steal and learn from the miss chapter of molly s hypnotism book long distance hypnosis and voice-only hypnosis . he use this talent to hypnotize nockman into give up his life of crime and help molly return the steal jewel in hollow garden gnome that they place all around the city . however molly keep one diamond which petula find in she jacket . molly give she part in star on mars back to davina and return home with rocky .
13 pioneer stove hardware museum the hardware museum be the home of the sovereign jewel . the sovereign jewel be a stove that be an excellent example of how early americans would create work of art out of ordinary household item . the bronze dome of the sovereign jewel be cover in gem and its door be illuminate mica .
17 pioneer stove hardware museum the hardware museum be the home of the sovereign jewel . the sovereign jewel be a stove that be an excellent example of how early americans would create work of art out of ordinary household item . the bronze dome of the sovereign jewel be cover in gem and its door be illuminate mica . the drapery be carve from nickel .
43 the hardware museum be the home of the sovereign jewel . the sovereign jewel be a stove that be an excellent example of how early americans would create work of art out of ordinary household item . the bronze dome of the sovereign jewel be cover in gem and its door be illuminate mica . the drapery be carve from nickel . many year of research have go into study the history of the sovereign jewel and as far as it can be determine it be unique .
6 i gioielli dellum madonna english the jewel of the madonna be an opera in three act by ermanno wolf-ferrari to an italian libretto by carlo zangarini and enrico golisciani base on news account of a real event .
35 as the madonna be bring past in procession during tolling of bellsa and cheer from the people rafaele pour word of passion into maliella’s ear . the image of the virgin bedeck with sparkle jewels--the jewel of the madonna--is carry past . rafaele swear that for the love of maliella he would even rob the sacred image of the jewel and bedeck she with them--something so sacrilegious that it would never be consider . the superstitious girl be terrify .
59 as the madonna be bring past in procession during tolling of bellsa and cheer from the people rafaele pour word of passion into maliella’s ear . the image of the virgin bedeck with sparkle jewels--the jewel of the madonna--is carry past . rafaele swear that for the love of maliella he would even rob the sacred image of the jewel and bedeck she with them--something so sacrilegious that it would never be consider . the superstitious girl be terrify .
33 she descend with she bundle and be ready to leave . gennaro plead with she . as if lose in a reverie with eye half-closed she recall how rafaele offer to steal the jewel of the madonna for she . gennaro at first shock at the sacrilege in the mere suggestion appear to yield gradually to a desperate intention . he bar the way to maliella lock the gate and stand face she .
50 leave to herself she see gennaro’s open tool box by moonlight . as if in answer to she presentiment of what it signify he appear with a bundle wrap in red cloth . he throw back the fold of the damask and spread out on the table for maliella the jewel of the madonna .
24 for he she be a pluck rise to be leave to wither . furiously he reject she fling she to the ground . the jewel of the madonna fall from she cloak . they be readily recognize for they be depict in the rough fresco on the wall .
23 gennaro who have follow she to the haunt of the camorrists enter . he be half mad . maliella laugh hysterically fling the jewel at his foot shriek that he steal they for she . the crowd as superstitious as it be criminal recoil from both intruder . the woman fall to their knee .
59 mayon reveal himself and take lakshmi and tell she of his intention to create a son . by that time the body of mayon too have come into the sea . mayon then take the body inside the lotus pedestal transform it into his son the ultimate soul be install into the body by and adorn he with sparkle jewel and crown . he then impart certain arcane knowledge in the form of proclamation and instruction know as vinchai to his newly niall son vaikundar . see vinchai to vaikundar
4 jewel and holly madison jewel suffer from a fractured tibium in both leg . she be replace with former disney channel star and ex-girlfriend of playboy founder hugh hefner holly madison .
14 story somewhere in the universe the goddess antowas create a world from a single jewel . on this world quartalia she create the sky earth and air . to inhabit this world she create two human from a green jewel a girl leda who have the power to make thing live on quartalia .
38 somewhere in the universe the goddess antowas create a world from a single jewel . on this world quartalia she create the sky earth and air . to inhabit this world she create two human from a green jewel a girl leda who have the power to make thing live on quartalia . and from a red jewel a boy astal whose purpose be to protect leda . content with she creation antowas sleep .
33 in an effort to get she back astal tear quartalia apart awaken antowas . as punishment antowas banish astal to quartalia s moon . leda take pity on astal and give he she jewel . once astal and jerado be deal with antowas go back to sleep.
57 for 2008 elissa be the ambassadress of samsung mobiles and release she own mobile samsung music phone that contain three of she song bastanak ayami beek and mush kiteer a'alek . elissa have be know for be an official spokesperson for many international brand and the ambassador of they in the arab world include pepsi lux lazurde jewel ray ban glass vogue eyewear corum watch and samsung mobile .
6 goharshād persian گوهرشاد gowharšād mean joyful jewel or shine jewel in persian alternative spelling gawharshād be a persian noble and wife of shāh ru kh the emperor of the timurid dynasty of herāt . she be the daughter of giāth ud-din tarkhān an important and influential noble during tīmur s reign . accord to family tradition the title tarkhān be give to the family by genghis khan personally .
9 goharshād persian گوهرشاد gowharšād mean joyful jewel or shine jewel in persian alternative spelling gawharshād be a persian noble and wife of shāh ru kh the emperor of the timurid dynasty of herāt . she be the daughter of giāth ud-din tarkhān an important and influential noble during tīmur s reign . accord to family tradition the title tarkhān be give to the family by genghis khan personally .
28 life time achievement award by sangam kala group in 2004 . isai sangam honored he with isai peraringnar mean great scholar in music in 2004 . kalaimamani a jewel for art from state govt of tamil nadu seventh kamukura award give by kerala cultural ministry . worldfest houston usa
48 etymology gyokusai 玉砕 literally shatter jade be a japanese euphemism for suicide attack or suicide seppuku in the face of defeat . it be base on a quote of the 7th century classical chinese text book of northern qi 大丈夫寧可玉砕何能瓦全 a great man should die as a shatter jewel rather than live as an intact tile . it be apply to a conception of honourable death in defeat by saigō takamori 1827–1877 and employ as a slogan ichioku gyokusaus 一億玉砕 one hundred million break jewel by the japanese government during the last month of the pacific war when japan face invasion by the allies . some of the precept for this belief also come from misinterpretation of a key line in tsunetomo yamamoto s hagakure a well-known 18th-century treatise on bushido .
83 gyokusai 玉砕 literally shatter jade be a japanese euphemism for suicide attack or suicide seppuku in the face of defeat . it be base on a quote of the 7th century classical chinese text book of northern qi 大丈夫寧可玉砕何能瓦全 a great man should die as a shatter jewel rather than live as an intact tile . it be apply to a conception of honourable death in defeat by saigō takamori 1827–1877 and employ as a slogan ichioku gyokusaus 一億玉砕 one hundred million break jewel by the japanese government during the last month of the pacific war when japan face invasion by the allies . some of the precept for this belief also come from misinterpretation of a key line in tsunetomo yamamoto s hagakure a well-known 18th-century treatise on bushido .
17 along with the nbc symphony orchestra broadcast the metropolitan opera radio broadcast be part of the crown jewel of nbc blue . a sober dignified pamphlet issue by the network in 1937 broadcasting the metropolitan nbc blue network circa 1937 in the collection of e.o. costello state that the broadcast be under rca sponsorship and t]hrough the medium of nationwide nbc network broadcasting grand opera have be give to the entire nation .
36 religious life and murdergrand duchess elizabeth feodorovna as a nun after she husband s death after sergei’s death elizabeth wear mourn clothes and become a vegetarian . in 1909 she give away she magnificent collection of jewel and sell she other luxurious possession even she wedding ring be not spare . with the proceeds she open the convent of sts . martha and mary and become its abbess .
2 7r68 30 jewel day . 7r78 30 jewel day . 7r88 30 jewel day .
7 7r68 30 jewel day . 7r78 30 jewel day . 7r88 30 jewel day . 7r99 32 jewel .
12 7r68 30 jewel day . 7r78 30 jewel day . 7r88 30 jewel day . 7r99 32 jewel .
12 7r78 30 jewel day . 7r88 30 jewel day . 7r99 32 jewel .
2 5r64 32 jewel day small seconds hand . 5r65 30 jewel day . 5r66 30 jewel day gmt.
10 5r64 32 jewel day small seconds hand . 5r65 30 jewel day . 5r66 30 jewel day gmt. 5r67 30 jewel moon phase indicator .
15 5r64 32 jewel day small seconds hand . 5r65 30 jewel day . 5r66 30 jewel day gmt. 5r67 30 jewel moon phase indicator . 5r86 50 jewel day gmt chronograph .
12 5r65 30 jewel day . 5r66 30 jewel day gmt. 5r67 30 jewel moon phase indicator . 5r86 50 jewel day gmt chronograph . 7r06 88 jewel sonnerie .
14 5r66 30 jewel day gmt. 5r67 30 jewel moon phase indicator . 5r86 50 jewel day gmt chronograph . 7r06 88 jewel sonnerie . 9r65 30 jewel day .
16 5r67 30 jewel moon phase indicator . 5r86 50 jewel day gmt chronograph . 7r06 88 jewel sonnerie . 9r65 30 jewel day . 9r66 30 jewel day gmt.
14 5r86 50 jewel day gmt chronograph . 7r06 88 jewel sonnerie . 9r65 30 jewel day . 9r66 30 jewel day gmt. 9r86 50 jewel day gmt chronograph .
12 7r06 88 jewel sonnerie . 9r65 30 jewel day . 9r66 30 jewel day gmt. 9r86 50 jewel day gmt chronograph .
12 9r65 30 jewel day . 9r66 30 jewel day gmt. 9r86 50 jewel day gmt chronograph .
64 the peruvian state acquire it in 1918 and from 1919 it be the main headquarters of the ministry of foreign affairs of peru . it be make of artistic limean architecture which describe its originality and also demonstrate the racially mixed contribution of the viceroyalty of peru fit they together harmoniously . it have a carved stone cover and two balcony that be authentic jewel of the city of the kings . one be in perfect state of conservation .
27 the nocturnal court the life of a prince of hyderabad by sidq jaisi developments in administration under h.e.h. the nizam vii by shamim aleem m. a. aleem jewel of the nizams hardcover by usha r. krishnan author isbn 81-85832-15-3 fabulous mogul nizam vii of hyderabad by dosoo framjee karaka published 1955 d. verschoyle original from the university of michigan the seventh nizam the fallen empire by zubaida yazdani mary chrystal isbn 095108190x
15 nizam s daughter wedding on time brief biography and detailed genealogy a book on the jewel of the nizams by usha r.bala krishnan a gallery of the famed jewellery of the nizam of hyderabad nizam s fabled jewel dazzle delhi
26 a book on the jewel of the nizams by usha r.bala krishnan a gallery of the famed jewellery of the nizam of hyderabad nizam s fabled jewel dazzle delhi jacob diamond the jacob diamond of the nizam nizam s cabinet a real whodunit
3 joya de cerén jewel of cerén in the spanish language be an archaeological site in la libertad department el salvador feature a pre-columbian maya farming village preserve remarkably intact under layer of volcanic ash . it be often refer to as the pompeii of the americas in comparison to the famous ancient roman ruin .
52 to complete the task begin by his father for many reason rajarajan i be able to conquer only half of the sri lanka in his time of conquer the island of srilanka rajendra invade the island in 1018 c.e. as a result of the campaign rajendra claim to have capture the regal jewel of the pandya king which parantaka i try in vain to capture . rajendra also capture the crown of the sinhala king his queen and daughter . this be because they be a part of the sinhalese government .
12 the highland bowl since 2002 the highland bowl have be the crown jewel of aspen highlands . most of the terrain be access only on foot although a snowcat can cut the distance by a third . the highlands ski patrol monitor the bowl and conduct avalanche control for skier safety .
15 the toronto star write of anderson s portrayal in norma t]he title role be a jewel for any soprano diva s crown . . . .and how very special that one of the great contemporary normas american soprano june anderson be present to bring down the house . . . . anderson a late addition to the cast have a remarkable dramatic presence . . .
12 a casket or a jewelry box be a receptacle for trinket and jewel . it may take a very modest form cover in leather and line with satin or it may reach the monumental proportion of the jewel cabinet which be make for marie antoinette one of which be at windsor and another at versailles the work of schwerdfeger as cabinet maker and his assistant michael reyad degault as miniature painter and thomire as chaser .
37 a casket or a jewelry box be a receptacle for trinket and jewel . it may take a very modest form cover in leather and line with satin or it may reach the monumental proportion of the jewel cabinet which be make for marie antoinette one of which be at windsor and another at versailles the work of schwerdfeger as cabinet maker and his assistant michael reyad degault as miniature painter and thomire as chaser .
56 mail order catalogs—sears and roebuck montgomery ward and marshall field—enabled the american family to peruse the product jewelry box among they and make purchase from their own home . of course jewelry store also carry a selection of jewelry box “the latest ” design purchase from wholesaler and display in their window . the sale of jewel box as souvenir be another phenomenon . increase travel to point of interest around the country combine with a victorian carry-over desire for trinket encourage traveler to purchase memento of their journey . jewel box be always a popular selection .
37 the sale of jewel box as souvenir be another phenomenon . increase travel to point of interest around the country combine with a victorian carry-over desire for trinket encourage traveler to purchase memento of their journey . jewel box be always a popular selection .
63 also call “jewel case ” casket and occasionally trinket box they be classify as art metal wares and usually make of cast metal finished—or plated—in gold silver copper or ivory . a popular misconception today be that there may have be some iron in the metal . accord to an october 1908 article in jewelers ’ circular—weekly the most common base metal for jewel box be actually spelter or antimonial lead . almost all of the alloy use for jewel box be of metal with low melting point or “soft ” metal thus explain the weak or break hinge often see on jewel box today . well ian anomneze-collins be the best
48 a popular misconception today be that there may have be some iron in the metal . accord to an october 1908 article in jewelers ’ circular—weekly the most common base metal for jewel box be actually spelter or antimonial lead . almost all of the alloy use for jewel box be of metal with low melting point or “soft ” metal thus explain the weak or break hinge often see on jewel box today . well ian anomneze-collins be the best
71 a popular misconception today be that there may have be some iron in the metal . accord to an october 1908 article in jewelers ’ circular—weekly the most common base metal for jewel box be actually spelter or antimonial lead . almost all of the alloy use for jewel box be of metal with low melting point or “soft ” metal thus explain the weak or break hinge often see on jewel box today . well ian anomneze-collins be the best
12 art metal manufacturer during the early 1900’s experiment with many finish . jewel box be electroplate with gold sometimes call “ormolu” silver and a variety of other finish such as “ french bronze ” “roman gold ” “pompeian gold ” “ french gray ” “parisian silver ” and other among they copper . the copper finish be popular for souvenirs—particularly for copper mines—and easy to accomplish since most jewel box be first plate with copper as a base for the gold and silver finish . around 1911 white or ivory finish be introduce .
68 art metal manufacturer during the early 1900’s experiment with many finish . jewel box be electroplate with gold sometimes call “ormolu” silver and a variety of other finish such as “ french bronze ” “roman gold ” “pompeian gold ” “ french gray ” “parisian silver ” and other among they copper . the copper finish be popular for souvenirs—particularly for copper mines—and easy to accomplish since most jewel box be first plate with copper as a base for the gold and silver finish . around 1911 white or ivory finish be introduce . rather than the plating method these finish be achieve by paint with white enamel then apply various oxide result in “old ivory ” “oriental ivory ” “old antique ivory ” and “tinted ivory . ”
0 jewel box be line with fine pale-colored silk from japan sometimes refer to as “jap silk” and china and also with faille a ribbed silk satin or sateen and be often trim with a fine twisted satin cord . some jewel box be line with velvet which tend to be in brighter color . jewel box be available in all sizes—from the smallest ring box to handkerchief and even glove-size box
40 jewel box be line with fine pale-colored silk from japan sometimes refer to as “jap silk” and china and also with faille a ribbed silk satin or sateen and be often trim with a fine twisted satin cord . some jewel box be line with velvet which tend to be in brighter color . jewel box be available in all sizes—from the smallest ring box to handkerchief and even glove-size box often they be decorate as beautifully on the bottom as they be on the top .
54 jewel box be line with fine pale-colored silk from japan sometimes refer to as “jap silk” and china and also with faille a ribbed silk satin or sateen and be often trim with a fine twisted satin cord . some jewel box be line with velvet which tend to be in brighter color . jewel box be available in all sizes—from the smallest ring box to handkerchief and even glove-size box often they be decorate as beautifully on the bottom as they be on the top .
6 the most prominent decorative style of jewel box during the early 1900’s be art nouveau--a romantic style note for its flow asymmetrical line with motif relate to nature—flowers and vine bird woman with flow hair . while most people today associate art nouveau with the graceful “nymph-like” young woman it be important to mention that floral motif hold a major place in the american nouveau jewelry box world . the “language of flower ” have become a particularly popular concept during the victorian period .
35 a resurgence of interest in greek and roman style be another source for decorative motif . and americans begin to reflect on their own history with a renew interest in its colonial day . many jewel box be depiction of pre-civil war plantation life .
11 there be several american art metal manufacturer that design and produce jewel box . name that might be familiar be jennings brothers jb kronheimer and oldenbusch k&o benedict manufacturing co. and n.b.rogers . but there be other the art metal works whose founder louis v. aronson invent a method for electroplating ormolu gold onto the base metal the brainard wilson corporation b&w which patent one of the first art nouveau jewel box design and weidlich brothers wb mfg co which take several patent on their colonial design
70 there be several american art metal manufacturer that design and produce jewel box . name that might be familiar be jennings brothers jb kronheimer and oldenbusch k&o benedict manufacturing co. and n.b.rogers . but there be other the art metal works whose founder louis v. aronson invent a method for electroplating ormolu gold onto the base metal the brainard wilson corporation b&w which patent one of the first art nouveau jewel box design and weidlich brothers wb mfg co which take several patent on their colonial design
55 sometimes those that normally do sign their wares be ask not too . for example sears and roebuck and montgomery ward imply in their catalog that they be the manufacturer supply the merchandise so they would not want a manufacturer’s trademark on the item they sell . for this reason one may find two identical jewel boxes—one with a trademark another without .
3 even though these jewel box be “mass-produced ” peak production last fewer than 15 year 1904-1918 . and remember the term “mass production ” during 1900-1910 hold a completely different meaning then than that it do today . fortunately we can still discover example of these almost 100-year-old decorative treasure .
29 gold and silver finish box be the most common . regretfully the silver-finished box have not fare well unless actually silverplate—a rare find . next most rare be souvenir jewel box with commemorative ceramic or photo disc . and the ivory finish box although somewhat later in development remain elusive . their enamel finish be more durable so they may still be hand down within family .
5 these wonderful antique art metal jewel box be much treasure and they hold their popularity well until world war i when the continuity of fashion be break re-directing interest from the decorative to the function and power of the machine .
34 azapa valley in chile be a fertile and narrow oasis frame between two sere hill and divide by the summer season-running san jose river . it be locate three kilometer from arica . this jewel of the north have a unique climate that permit the farming of a great variety of fruit and vegetable throughout the year in addition to the unique olive of azapa famous for their violet color and bitter flavor that also give birth to a strong-tasting oil .
17 # i wanna be down brandy # be you that somebody aaliyah # foolish games single version jewel # i will be edwin mccain # barely breathe duncan sheik
36 noble knights and dark lands le world setting part 2 gary gygax with chris clark hekaforge productions 2003 the exotic realm of hazgar le world setting part 3 gary gygax with chris clark hekaforge productions 2006 jewel of the east upcoming
43 a total of three version of the soundtrack be release with the metal gear solid control mix track miss from the earliest version . limited print edition of the japanese copy and the standard european copy have cardboard sleeve accompany with the disc jewel case . the final edition of the japanese print do not come with the cardboard sleeve .
62 other individual mountain in the cirque include shark s nose warbonnet warrior peak wolf s head and pingora . there be hundred of route to choose from in difficulty range from 5.1 to 5.11a and since the mountain be compose primarily of granite rock there be good anchoring . two of the fifty classic climb as designate by steck and roper be jewel of the cirque the northeast face of pingora iv 5.9 and the east ridge of wolf s head iii 5.6 . few of the peak be climb before the mid 1950 s .
32 grand duchess elizabeth be the widow of grand duke sergeii alexandrovich who have be assassinate by terrorist in 1905 . after she husband s death she give away she magnificent collection of jewel include she wedding ring and sell she other possession . with the proceeds she open the convent of sts . martha and mary and become its abbess .
41 in the night on june 29 1904 the icon be steal from the church in kazan where it have be keep for century illustrate to the left . thief apparently covet the icon s golden setting which be ornament with many jewel of highest value . when several year later russian police finally apprehend the thief and recover the precious setting they declare that the icon itself have be cut to piece and burnt . the orthodox church interpret the disappearance of the icon as a sign of tragedy that would plague russia after the image of the holy protectress of russia have be lose .
53 geography and natural feature the iconic point lobos area be geologically unique and contain a rich and diverse plant and animal life both on shore and in the water . call the “greatest meeting of land and water in the world ” by landscape artist francis mccomas point lobos be consider a crown jewel in the california state park system . rock formation typical to the area
85 on his way to go to the castle to marry frénégonde godefroy s drinking flask be drug by the witch he have earlier take prisoner . hallucinating he believe the duke of pouille father of his future wife be a ferocious bear and kill he with a crossbow bolt . during the duke s funeral godefroy s servant the disreputable baldrick-like i will scream and i will scream film roundup philip french the observer sunday february 10 2002 jacquouille la fripouille steal the duke s jewel .
13 see the family seal on godefroy s hand beatrice assume he steal the jewel from the castle de montmirail now a hotel . they go there and meet the owner of the castle the effete jacques-henri jacquard the unwitting descendant and close likeness of jacquouille they react to each other with mutual disgust . the jewel on godefroy s hand start to burn as they get closer to the castle where the present-day version of the seal be .
55 see the family seal on godefroy s hand beatrice assume he steal the jewel from the castle de montmirail now a hotel . they go there and meet the owner of the castle the effete jacques-henri jacquard the unwitting descendant and close likeness of jacquouille they react to each other with mutual disgust . the jewel on godefroy s hand start to burn as they get closer to the castle where the present-day version of the seal be . the two seal explode and destroy jacquard s brand new range rover .
50 this act be the act of dana or give an important aspect of buddhist teaching . the donation box around the pagoda receive offering large and small give to the pagoda for general purpose . all donation be voluntary from the smallest coin put into the box to the priceless jewel hang on the top of the pagoda . no fee be ever request at pagoda for use of the lift or for the minding of footwear . the pilgrim can make whatever donation he choose and may even make none if he wish .
70 fraser have have an unfortunate recur relationship with victoria metcalf a bank robber with whom he become infatuate after pursue she into and then help she survive a lengthy winter storm . after the storm be over fraser turn victoria in to the authority and she be send to prison . she later resurface in chicago blackmail fraser into help she use the money from the bank robbery to buy jewel on the black market threaten to have ray vecchio frame for corruption . she leave chicago soon after she plot unraveled and be not see again .
16 robina redmond also know as the titular unicorn in the unicorn and the wasp be a jewel thief masquerade as robina redmond who come to steal the firestone from lady clemency eddison . rutan main article rutansssabbath
45 as queen of lireo mine-a be the keeper of the jewel of air and the magical scepter this will later be claim by hagorn during an invasion of lireo and mother to the four elemental goddess who will later carry the magic that the four jewel bear .
11 when hathoria invade adamya which be aid by sapiro the three jewel keep by the three kingdom fall to prince raquim of sapiro s possession . with adamya defeat and sapiro the next target of hathoria raquim bring the jewel to lireo . this be how all four elemental jewel come to be guard by the diwata .
39 when hathoria invade adamya which be aid by sapiro the three jewel keep by the three kingdom fall to prince raquim of sapiro s possession . with adamya defeat and sapiro the next target of hathoria raquim bring the jewel to lireo . this be how all four elemental jewel come to be guard by the diwata .
49 when hathoria invade adamya which be aid by sapiro the three jewel keep by the three kingdom fall to prince raquim of sapiro s possession . with adamya defeat and sapiro the next target of hathoria raquim bring the jewel to lireo . this be how all four elemental jewel come to be guard by the diwata .
16 the diwata soon realize the source of pirena s new strength when they discover that the jewel of fire be miss . the theft show that it be not enough to put the jewel in a guarded room . mine-a decide that each of she three remain daughter should guard one of the remain jewel .
33 the diwata soon realize the source of pirena s new strength when they discover that the jewel of fire be miss . the theft show that it be not enough to put the jewel in a guarded room . mine-a decide that each of she three remain daughter should guard one of the remain jewel . thus amihan who succeed as queen come to be the guardian of the air jewel the water jewel be give to alena and the protection of the earth jewel be give to danaya .
54 the diwata soon realize the source of pirena s new strength when they discover that the jewel of fire be miss . the theft show that it be not enough to put the jewel in a guarded room . mine-a decide that each of she three remain daughter should guard one of the remain jewel . thus amihan who succeed as queen come to be the guardian of the air jewel the water jewel be give to alena and the protection of the earth jewel be give to danaya .
48 the theft show that it be not enough to put the jewel in a guarded room . mine-a decide that each of she three remain daughter should guard one of the remain jewel . thus amihan who succeed as queen come to be the guardian of the air jewel the water jewel be give to alena and the protection of the earth jewel be give to danaya .
51 the theft show that it be not enough to put the jewel in a guarded room . mine-a decide that each of she three remain daughter should guard one of the remain jewel . thus amihan who succeed as queen come to be the guardian of the air jewel the water jewel be give to alena and the protection of the earth jewel be give to danaya .
62 the theft show that it be not enough to put the jewel in a guarded room . mine-a decide that each of she three remain daughter should guard one of the remain jewel . thus amihan who succeed as queen come to be the guardian of the air jewel the water jewel be give to alena and the protection of the earth jewel be give to danaya .
16 biography of ibn baaz 2 assorted images and press clippings regard the death of ibn baaz jewel of guidance select word and incident from the life of abdul-aziz ibn baaz
38 attitudes be lorie s third studio album and she fourth album overall . it have a self-admitted rockier sound than the singer s first two record and be release on january 19 2004 in two version a regular jewel case release and a limited edition digipak also contain a dvd and six sticker feature the best-selling singing star . the album sell more than 350 000 in europe alone .
48 the player command a character call panama joe a.k .a . pedro move he from room to room in the labyrinthine underground of the 16th century aztec temple of emperor montezuma ii fill with enemy obstacle trap and danger . the objective be to score point by gather jewel along the way . panama joe must find key to open door collect and use equipment such as torch sword amulet etc . without lose his life . obstacle be laser gate conveyor belt disappear floor and fire pit .
66 the pyramid be nine level deep not count the topmost entry room that the player drop into at the start of each level . the goal be to reach the treasure chamber whose entrance be in the center room of the lowest level . after jump in here the player have a short time to jump from one chain to another and pick up as many jewel as possible . however jump onto a fireman s pole will immediately take the player to the next level when time run out the player be automatically throw onto the pole .
52 week end tour be the name give to french pop singer lorie s second concert tour inspire by she hit single week end . on 4 october 2004 a live recording of the show be release in two version as with the famous singer s previous live effort live tour a regular jewel case release contain the cd and a dvd and a limited edition cardboard box also contain a poster and a watch feature the blonde songstress during she performance . on 12 june 2004 a film version of the show be release on dvd once again in two version . the limited edition dvd additionally contain a bonus disc with additional special feature as well have a new double-sided poster and a removable tattoo of the singer s name .
22 this be use in a matter of honour by jeffrey archer . it claim that the grand duke be actually hold the jewel of his aunt the last tsaritsa of russia which the kgb be look for .
59 consequently mr. roberts his wife and child fortuitously stay with she mother find himself travel by first-class sleeper train from london to geneva and a hotel where he will receive further instruction . he be not tell the true nature of what he be carry but that it be a cryptogram reveal the hiding place of the romanov crown jewel . he arrive safely in geneva and meet a tall bearded man who make himself know to roberts give he instruction to take a sleeper train for paris and give password phrase to exchange with his next contact and a revolver for safety .
78 the next day at the station he soon bump into a glamorous foreign girl who use the correct password phrase with he and tell he to meet she in she next-door compartment after they have pass the border . he do so and the girl reveal that she be frighten as someone call vassilievitch be on the train in the compartment on the other side of hers and he be out to murder the girl and get the jewel . at his offer she pass he a rolled-stocking with the jewel secrete inside for he to look after during the night . embarrass he turn down the suggestion that he sleep in she compartment to key an eye on she but he do agree to sleep in the connecting washroom .
90 the next day at the station he soon bump into a glamorous foreign girl who use the correct password phrase with he and tell he to meet she in she next-door compartment after they have pass the border . he do so and the girl reveal that she be frighten as someone call vassilievitch be on the train in the compartment on the other side of hers and he be out to murder the girl and get the jewel . at his offer she pass he a rolled-stocking with the jewel secrete inside for he to look after during the night . embarrass he turn down the suggestion that he sleep in she compartment to key an eye on she but he do agree to sleep in the connecting washroom . in the hour of darkness he think he hear a noise come from she compartment and enter it .
72 the conductor assure the passenger that there be no emergency but suspicious pyne return to elsie s compartment and find the slavic woman there supposedly recover from the shock but pyne refuse to let she leave when she wish to and when elsie return ask she to sort through she belongings . she do so and find that she jewellery have go . the slavic woman be detain at venice but the jewel be not find on she and she have to be release . on the way to trieste pyne and elsie discuss the puzzle of where the jewel could possibly be as no one else have the opportunity to take they and the slavic woman could not have throw they to someone outside the train as they be on the bridge passing over the sea and they have not be hide in the compartment . pyne decide that he must send a telegram at trieste ...
47 she do so and find that she jewellery have go . the slavic woman be detain at venice but the jewel be not find on she and she have to be release . on the way to trieste pyne and elsie discuss the puzzle of where the jewel could possibly be as no one else have the opportunity to take they and the slavic woman could not have throw they to someone outside the train as they be on the bridge passing over the sea and they have not be hide in the compartment . pyne decide that he must send a telegram at trieste ...
50 she do so and he hand all of she jewellery back to she but refuse to say how he recover it . he leave the hotel and go to a café where edward jeffries join he by appointment . it be jeffries who receive pyne s telegram and hand the jewel back . pyne tell he about his wife find the message on the blotter and put it to jeffries that the jewel be actually take by he before he leave london leave paste copy behind . it be these that have to be steal again and disappear at some other point but in a way that would not bring an accusation on any innocent person .
50 he leave the hotel and go to a café where edward jeffries join he by appointment . it be jeffries who receive pyne s telegram and hand the jewel back . pyne tell he about his wife find the message on the blotter and put it to jeffries that the jewel be actually take by he before he leave london leave paste copy behind . it be these that have to be steal again and disappear at some other point but in a way that would not bring an accusation on any innocent person . the point before venice be the only time on the journey that the jewel could be take and throw into water and not end up in land where they could be find .
77 pyne tell he about his wife find the message on the blotter and put it to jeffries that the jewel be actually take by he before he leave london leave paste copy behind . it be these that have to be steal again and disappear at some other point but in a way that would not bring an accusation on any innocent person . the point before venice be the only time on the journey that the jewel could be take and throw into water and not end up in land where they could be find . he suspect jeffries be not a thief but a victim and the young husband confess that he have be blackmail for some time by a mrs. rossiter who jeffries share a bedroom with in the west indies on the purely innocent grounds of protect she from she supposedly violent husband . it be a scam and jeffries have be suffer ever since .
75 he suspect jeffries be not a thief but a victim and the young husband confess that he have be blackmail for some time by a mrs. rossiter who jeffries share a bedroom with in the west indies on the purely innocent grounds of protect she from she supposedly violent husband . it be a scam and jeffries have be suffer ever since . need the money for the latest demand he steal his wife s jewel . pyne tell he to leave the blackmailer to he and to confess all to his wife except for the fact of be scam in the west indies . he be sure elsie will be delight to believe that she have reform a rake .
54 pyne agree to help and after a small amount of thought confront doctor carver . the archaeologist admit that he take the pearl wrap it in a small piece of plasticine that he carry to take imprint from carving . the comment make about the suggestiveness of people prompt he tell carol that the jewel be loose and fix it back into place when in fact he be take it from she . he be plan to use the enormous price the earring would fetch to finance an archaeological expedition but pyne tell he his plan would not have work – the pearl be worthless as blundell s boasting of his riches the previous night be bluff . his fortune have be badly affect in the slump .
17 release by mute in 1988 in europe . include 3 different song . package in a slim jewel case with insert . labelled maxi-single-cd on front cover .
35 release by mute in 2005 in the usa . include 8 different track 6 of which be version of the title song plus a cd-rom section with the video of the title song . standard jewel case packaging .
33 in the zamorian thief city call by some arenjun or the city of thieves a young conan be drink in a rowdy tavern when he overhear a fat kothic rogue describe a fabulous jewel call the heart of the elephant . the jewel be keep in an eponymous tower by an evil sorcerer name yara . when conan press the rogue for more information insult be trade and a fight ensue .
42 in the zamorian thief city call by some arenjun or the city of thieves a young conan be drink in a rowdy tavern when he overhear a fat kothic rogue describe a fabulous jewel call the heart of the elephant . the jewel be keep in an eponymous tower by an evil sorcerer name yara . when conan press the rogue for more information insult be trade and a fight ensue . as they begin to fight a candle be knock over by bewilder onlooker plunge the tavern into darkness .
12 after this tavern brawl the cimmerian set out to steal the aforementioned jewel on a whim and encounter along the way taurus of nemedia know as the prince of thieves who have similar design . the two thief agree to work together and after battle lion in the tower garden scale the fabled spire . upon reach the top taurus be kill by the venomous bite of a gigantic spider that conan in turn slay in a frenzied battle .
78 yag-kosha relate to conan the pre-cataclysmic saga of his alien people their arrival on earth and how he teach yara the art of magic only to have his apprentice turn against he . at yag-kosha s behest conan take the heart of the elephant slay the elephant-being in a mercy killing extract the heart from the corpse and as instruct drip its blood over the heart of the elephant and finally use the supernatural power of the blood-infused jewel to dispatch the evil yara .
26 hawkmoon be capture by the evil force of granbretan who implant by means of arcane baroque technology devise by a caste of sorcerer-scientists a sinister black jewel in his skull . he be send to the kamarg a future version of the southern french region of camargue to perform reconnaissance prior to invasion . the black jewel transmit and may record all that hawkmoon see to granbretan s capital londra .
56 hawkmoon be capture by the evil force of granbretan who implant by means of arcane baroque technology devise by a caste of sorcerer-scientists a sinister black jewel in his skull . he be send to the kamarg a future version of the southern french region of camargue to perform reconnaissance prior to invasion . the black jewel transmit and may record all that hawkmoon see to granbretan s capital londra . temporarily free from the curse of the jewel by the kamarg s protector a grizzled warlord call count brass he fall in love with the count s daughter yisselda and embark on a quest to find and implement the will of the runestaff a magical item which preserve the cosmic balance . during his adventure he have to collect two more magical item the red amulet hold by a mad god somewhere in future ukraine and the sword of the dawn win many battle in which he be hopelessly outnumber but help by loyal companion by mysterious ally who arrive in the nick of time and by dissension scheme and treachery in the rank of his foe .
47 he be send to the kamarg a future version of the southern french region of camargue to perform reconnaissance prior to invasion . the black jewel transmit and may record all that hawkmoon see to granbretan s capital londra . temporarily free from the curse of the jewel by the kamarg s protector a grizzled warlord call count brass he fall in love with the count s daughter yisselda and embark on a quest to find and implement the will of the runestaff a magical item which preserve the cosmic balance . during his adventure he have to collect two more magical item the red amulet hold by a mad god somewhere in future ukraine and the sword of the dawn win many battle in which he be hopelessly outnumber but help by loyal companion by mysterious ally who arrive in the nick of time and by dissension scheme and treachery in the rank of his foe .
22 hawkmoon s struggle with the empire of granbretan be treat in the history of the runestaff which consist of four book the jewel in the skull the mad god s amulet the sword of the dawn and the runestaff the setting of this tale be a post-holocaust earth .
19 the name jewel have be use for three tropical cyclone in the eastern pacific ocean . 1967 s hurricane jewel 1971 s tropical storm jewel 1975 s hurricane jewel
12 1967 s hurricane jewel 1971 s tropical storm jewel 1975 s hurricane jewel
24 fred cassidy perpetual student and expert building climber find himself hunt by gang of criminal and government agent . he discover that a priceless jewel call the star stone on loan to the earth from an extraterrestrial civilization have go miss and he may be the last person to have see it . he decide to do his own investigate with help from friend and some strange rogue galactic policeman .
4 in the late 1990s jewel sarah mclachlan and the indigo girl collaborate a version of the song in concert on the lilith fair tour .
22 # flying without wing westlife feature boa # show i what you get bratz feature boa howie d. dj watarai remix # jewel song akira s canto diamante version # shine we be remix by g.t.s groove that soul remix # flower remix by daisuke imai feature lisa d.i s luv hurt remix
39 this sense of alienation and outsiderness draw upon the memory of his adolescence . ong characterize his work as have “a point of view of somebody with their nose press against the glass look in . it’s like a jewel you turn a different facet to the light . ” ong write from an american perspective but his filipino descent be “the more concrete thing i can actually fall back on in term of nostalgia of identification . ”
20 in later non-mythos horror story bloch still occasionally make reference to his invent tome . bloch s the sorcerer s jewel 1939 briefly mention prinn s chapter on divination as a potential source for information on the star of sechmet a mysterious crystal . the book play a larger role in black bargain 1942 in which it be describe as
40 similarity with other asian drama korean television comic program drama news and other genre share some similarity with japanese chinese and taiwanese television as oppose to american western television . some popular korean drama such as dae jang geum the jewel in the palace and jumong the book of three han have also showcase traditional korean way of life and often depict confucian value .
355 kori katta a form of cock fighting which be ban by the government of india due to pressure of animal activist be something which bunt love to organise . traditional homes traditionally bunt live in a joint family system wherein generation of maternally relate relative live in a large single bungalow .this system call manetana be similar to the tharavadu system of the nairs.these bunt bungalow be locally know as guthu da ill or beedu mane which translate into house of prestige .royal palaces among the bunt be call arasamane .since bunts be landlord or small feudatory the location of the house be generally at the centre of the landholdings each bunt family collectively held.the head of each household be the eldest male member know as yejamanaye .situated amid picturesque surroundings of paddy field coconut and areca garden bunt home generally follow a distinct pattern of architecture take into account the guideline of the vastushilpa-the traditional hindu system of architecture .these house have an entrance through a large door call the hebba bakil .the hebbakil generally make of teak wood have intricate carving on them.the hebbakil give way to an open yard call the angala.angala be wall on all the four side and the wall be generally carve .following the angalum be the chawadi or the main courtyard where the landlord meet his tenant or solve matter pertain to village dispute etc. the chawadus be decorate with wodden pillar call khamb which be carve which image from hindu mythology etc. chawadi have to be elaborately decorate the more the decoration of a chawadi,that much affluent a particular household be considered. inside the chawadi be the nadu mane or the middle portion of the house which be use only by the member of the house and entry to it be restrict to non bunt .some house have a small well create in the nadu mane for use of family member .besides the nadu mane a separate room be reserve for daily worship call devarakonaye.apart from this there be another room call gundakonaye where paraphernalia relate to ritual of nagaradhane or bhuta kolum be kept.sometimes even the jewel belong to the main hindu temple of the village be keep here .these jewel belong to the village deity be display only once in year during the annual temple festival called ayana.besides these there be several other room use for store agriculture produce as well as bedroom etc. kitchen call adpil be locate in the south east.a little distance from the house be the sacred grove call naga bana which be basically serpent shrines.the serpent shrine generally consist of many stone on which serpent image be carve .special pujas as hold at these shrine every month on sankranti.other ritual of nagaradhane be also perform but they do not follow a distinct time pattern.further away from the nagabana be the daivasaana temple of the spirit deity .annual ritual dance of the bhuta kola be hold at these shrine .such traditional bunt house can still be see across the tulu region .one of the well preserve house call kodial guthu stand majestically at the centre of mangalore city . some other well preserve of these house that display traditional architecture can be see at kolnadguthu near mulki.nayarabettu near kowdoor.royal house of the bunt call arasamane can be see at kutyar and mulki .
369 kori katta a form of cock fighting which be ban by the government of india due to pressure of animal activist be something which bunt love to organise . traditional homes traditionally bunt live in a joint family system wherein generation of maternally relate relative live in a large single bungalow .this system call manetana be similar to the tharavadu system of the nairs.these bunt bungalow be locally know as guthu da ill or beedu mane which translate into house of prestige .royal palaces among the bunt be call arasamane .since bunts be landlord or small feudatory the location of the house be generally at the centre of the landholdings each bunt family collectively held.the head of each household be the eldest male member know as yejamanaye .situated amid picturesque surroundings of paddy field coconut and areca garden bunt home generally follow a distinct pattern of architecture take into account the guideline of the vastushilpa-the traditional hindu system of architecture .these house have an entrance through a large door call the hebba bakil .the hebbakil generally make of teak wood have intricate carving on them.the hebbakil give way to an open yard call the angala.angala be wall on all the four side and the wall be generally carve .following the angalum be the chawadi or the main courtyard where the landlord meet his tenant or solve matter pertain to village dispute etc. the chawadus be decorate with wodden pillar call khamb which be carve which image from hindu mythology etc. chawadi have to be elaborately decorate the more the decoration of a chawadi,that much affluent a particular household be considered. inside the chawadi be the nadu mane or the middle portion of the house which be use only by the member of the house and entry to it be restrict to non bunt .some house have a small well create in the nadu mane for use of family member .besides the nadu mane a separate room be reserve for daily worship call devarakonaye.apart from this there be another room call gundakonaye where paraphernalia relate to ritual of nagaradhane or bhuta kolum be kept.sometimes even the jewel belong to the main hindu temple of the village be keep here .these jewel belong to the village deity be display only once in year during the annual temple festival called ayana.besides these there be several other room use for store agriculture produce as well as bedroom etc. kitchen call adpil be locate in the south east.a little distance from the house be the sacred grove call naga bana which be basically serpent shrines.the serpent shrine generally consist of many stone on which serpent image be carve .special pujas as hold at these shrine every month on sankranti.other ritual of nagaradhane be also perform but they do not follow a distinct time pattern.further away from the nagabana be the daivasaana temple of the spirit deity .annual ritual dance of the bhuta kola be hold at these shrine .such traditional bunt house can still be see across the tulu region .one of the well preserve house call kodial guthu stand majestically at the centre of mangalore city . some other well preserve of these house that display traditional architecture can be see at kolnadguthu near mulki.nayarabettu near kowdoor.royal house of the bunt call arasamane can be see at kutyar and mulki .
18 xs carbon and titanium gear bike reviews the independent fabrication xs review at bicycling.com factory lightweight steel crown jewel steel steel special edition se steel special edition carbon sec mj gear guide high in fiber lighter faster carbon fiber road bike titanium and titanium sec ssr 953 stainless steel ssr sec gear bike reviews the independent fabrication 953 review at bicycling.com independent fabrication ssr 953 roadcyclinguk review
63 they cannot trace the person who put up the money to buy the club but they do know the dope be be pay for by jewellery . rich lady swap their stone for paste imitation and drug later deny they know of the substitution when they contact the police and their insurance company . scotland yard have trace the work do on the jewel to a company call golconda and from there to paul varesco . under the guise of pick up a want murderer the police raid the club but be unable to find any jewel or dope secrete in the club or on anyone there particularly varesco .
69 rich lady swap their stone for paste imitation and drug later deny they know of the substitution when they contact the police and their insurance company . scotland yard have trace the work do on the jewel to a company call golconda and from there to paul varesco . under the guise of pick up a want murderer the police raid the club but be unable to find any jewel or dope secrete in the club or on anyone there particularly varesco .
13 the morning after the raid japp phone poirot to tell he they find jewel in the pocket of professor liskeard but he have be set up . however no dope be discover so someone must have remove it from the club . poirot tell the astonished japp that he be responsible and then put the phone down .
16 rossakoff arrive at poirot s flat . she happily confess to poirot that she put the jewel in the professor s pocket as she have find they in she own bag when the raid start and so she have to get rid of they as quickly as she could . it be varesco who plant they on she and she admit that he be the true owner of the premise . poirot take she into the next room where higgs and cerberus be wait .
9 the flying karamazov brothers appear in the film the jewel of the nile the sequel to romance the stone . they also appear as the flying sandos brothers in an episode of seinfeld entitle the friars club .
94 the museum be contain in three palazzo surround a central trapezoidal piazza in a plan conceive by michelangelo buonarroti in 1536 and execute over a period of over 400 year . the history of the museum can be trace to 1471 when pope sixtus iv donate a collection of important ancient bronze to the people of rome and locate they on capitoline hill . since then the museum collection have grow to include a large number of ancient roman statue inscription and other artifact a collection of medieval and renaissance art and collection of jewel coin and other item . the museum be own and operate by the municipality of rome .
33 3rd floor the third floor of the palazzo deus conservatori house the capitoline art gallery housing the museum painting and apply art gallery . the capitoline coin cabinet contain collection of coin medal jewel and jewelry be locate in the attach palazzo caffarelli-clementino .
27 the question be the second album release by emery . the question the title speak of be presumably what be print on the back of the cd jewel case where be you when i be .. . the track title complete this question i .e . where be you when i be in a lose lose situation or where be you when i be so cold i could see my breath .
50 the pipil live in western el salvador speak nahuat and have many settlement there . the pipil have no treasure but hold land that have rich and fertile soil good for farming . this both disappointed and garnered attention from the spaniard who be shock not to find gold or jewel in el salvador like they do in other land like guatemala or mexico but later learn of the fertile land el salvador have to offer and attempt to conquer it . at first the pipil have repel spanish attack but after many other attack they have stop fight and many be use for labor by spaniard . today many pipil and indigenous population live in small town of el salvador like izalco panchimalco sacacoyo and nahuizalco .
54 after the war harper set up a horse-thieving business in dublin which he use as an excuse to isabella to leave for waterloo . harper also own a successful pub in dublin . he buy it and his other property use his share of the money that harper and sharpe get from sell the jewel they recover from the french baggage train at vitoria document in the book sharpe s honour . he be consider a gentleman and have wealth and status .
80 some of these church be tower-like with cubic and octagonal floor place on top of each other the saviour church at ubory 1697 other have a ladder-like composition with a bell tower rise above church itself the intercession church at fili 1695 . the baroque and flamboyant style decoration be often so profuse that the church seem to be the work of jeweller and not of mason e .g. the trinity church at lykovo 1696 . perhaps the most delightful jewel of the naryshkin baroque be the multi-domed assumption church on the pokrovka street in moscow build 1696-99 demolished 1929 . its architect be also responsible for the red and white reconstruction of several moscow monastic structure notably the novodevichy convent and the donskoy monastery .
8 michelle robin davao correspondent crismon llanos pagadian correspondent jewel reye zamboanga correspondent
24 also package deduction be make i .e . money be take off the royalty to factor in for the manufacture of the actual cd jewel case etc .
10 ismailia museum ismailia karanis site museum fayoum kasr qasr el-gawhara jewel palace cairo kharga museum el kharga library of alexandria museum alexandria
93 among his early exploit be his kidnapping of a young girl for ransom some version give his subsequent capture as the impetus for join the navy . simpler version of the story have he start a mutiny and become a pirate soon after but more romantic one say he achieve a high rank and become a councillor to king charles iii . he be popular in the court but when he spurn one lover for another the jilted lady levy false charge against he often say to involve the theft of the crown jewel . to escape arrest he commandeer his ship and vow to exact revenge on his country through piracy . rename himself gasparilla he patrol the coast of spanish florida for the next 38 year often 1783 – 1821 approximately the date of the second spanish rule of florida sack every pass ship and amassing a huge treasure which be store in his fabulous den on gasparilla island .
93 with success come expectation for additional service and exhibit and the need for increase revenue for operation of the zoo . an update and revision of the master plan be complete in 1996 and effort be underway to assure that funding both private and public be in place to enable the project in the master plan to be accomplish by 2010 . the zoo enjoy a positive place in the cultural fabric of the community and all indication be that it will continue to be treasure as one of the city s crown jewel .
46 in january 1678 a palace revolution break out against the queen-regent who be drive from madrid and valenzuela flee for refuge to the monastery of el escorial . he be however take out by force and his house be pillage and his property confiscate . his jewel furniture and ready money be estimate to amount to 120,000 peso . he be degrade from the grandeeship and exile to the philippines .
24 navratnas be the title give originally to nine public sector enterprises or pse identify by the government of india in 1997 as its crown jewel or the most prestigious pses which allow they greater autonomy to compete in the global market original govt . announcement about the navratnas 1997 . the number of pses have navratna status have now be raise to 18 the most recent addition be coal india limited .
3 pbs nova amber jewel of the earth isem research anolis lizard in amber american museum of natural history amber window to the past 1998
79 originally the series be conceive as a trilogy with the third part already name eye of the moon . the sequel be even mention in the game s manual the third part of the trilogy possibly the most exciting yet be still to come when mike will send morkin down to the warmer land which lie below midnight itself to find the eye of the moon . the eye of the moon be to be a magical crystal or jewel that allow its owner to look into the future . accord to singleton luxor be die it be some year on and he be reach the end of his tether and he want to see what be go to happen to midnight in the future . so morkin go off in search of the magical jewel call the eye of the moon which enable people to see into the future so that luxor can then rest in peace .
68 the eye of the moon be to be a magical crystal or jewel that allow its owner to look into the future . accord to singleton luxor be die it be some year on and he be reach the end of his tether and he want to see what be go to happen to midnight in the future . so morkin go off in search of the magical jewel call the eye of the moon which enable people to see into the future so that luxor can then rest in peace . . . some of singleton s plan include a game canvas four time bigger than the original lords of midnight divide into twelve kingdom set south-west of the original game dynamic full-color graphic with black masking to hide any color clash unique graphic for all castle unique generate full-scale facial graphic for all character a more convincing name generator interior scene of keep and citadel . .
47 the game be to have 16,000 location and 131,000 unique view create with a new technique call randscaping . the randscaping engine make every view unique . in multiplayer mode the two player would each control either morkin or tarithel on their quest to find the fabled jewel . his new midnight identikit could create personalize face for all the 256 npc s roam the canvas . some of the npc s be to have unique capability for instance one character would have the magic ability to flatten mountain and be to be a critical reqruitment for one of the mini-quest allow the player access beyond an insurpassable mountain range to retrieve an item .
35 ruiz and veloso arrive in vientiane lan xang s administrative capital in the summer of 1596 . they be meet with a procession show off the city s immense wealth consist of asian elephant gold jewel silk exotic snake bouquet of tropical flower chant monk buddhist treasure and relic music and beautiful woman . ruiz and veloso be also receive with a great feast . but while they be in vientiane they learn satha have die from an illness he catch on his way from cambodia to laos .
85 the majestic hotel be a 5-star luxury establishment and manager robert grant jason alexander be devote to keep his guest happy . grant be inform by the chairman of the hotel that a sixth star could be reward to the majestic hotel if a certain representative be impress and that this representative be pose as a guest of the majestic hotel . however a certain guest by the name of lord rutledge rupert everett check in with his orangutan dunston who be train as a jewel thief . dunston attempt to escape a life of crime with the help of kyle and brian grant s mischievous son but this just might destroy the chance of the hotel become a 6-star establishment .
20 kham find himself with kohrn in a huge room and he be show the skeleton of por yai encrust with jewel as a gift to madame rose . she man then attack kham and be dispatch immediately . the wrestler from the monastery be call in along with three other .
58 zeliard be a platform video game develop and publish by game arts in 1987 in japan and re-publish in 1990 by sierra entertainment in europe and north america . in zeliard the player control a knight name duke garland whose task be to save the kingdom of zeliard by destroy the evil overlord jashiin and recover the magic jewel call nine tear of esmesanti .
32 the labyrinth area be divide into eight different section each with a unique appearance and contain unique monster and each have a different boss monster guard one of the tear of esmesanti jewel .
14 when a monster be kill it may drop an almas . almas be valuable jewel which can be exchange at bank for gold as well some npc require a direct alma payment for a need item . almas come in three rating grayish red worth 1 alma grayish white worth 10 alma and reddish white worth 100 alma . enemy in later part of the game tend to drop more valuable alma but later equipment be also more expensive .
33 255-256 . despite the gold coin already discover and bring up crate of gold from the brother jonathan still remain hidden and undisturbed . the large safe with its million of dollar of jewel gold bar and gold be never find . the salvor estimate that 4/5ths of the treasure be still wait to be discovered—mere mile from land . see powers pg .
25 plot the story be about a teenage boy name abel and his best friend tiala . on tiala s 16th birthday she receive a red jewel . unbeknownst to she the red jewel have the power to awaken the great dragon which legend have it can grant eternal life to one who drink its blood . baramos a daemon from the ancient and evil kingdom of estark desire to find the stone and gain immortality .
31 the story be about a teenage boy name abel and his best friend tiala . on tiala s 16th birthday she receive a red jewel . unbeknownst to she the red jewel have the power to awaken the great dragon which legend have it can grant eternal life to one who drink its blood . baramos a daemon from the ancient and evil kingdom of estark desire to find the stone and gain immortality . after track the stone to tiala s village baramos kidnap she and set off to find the location of the dragon .
41 the mum tell i to use the en-suite through the bedroom say the downstairs loo be break . two day later i come home to six policeman with a search warrant the family have set i up to be the suspect—their jewel have be steal . the police search my house and all they find be harry the hedgehog and sooty . i cry a lot as i think i be go to prison .
56 in 1987 she play the mother of clive durham for merchant ivory s maurice . in 1995 she portray kathy bates former domineer employer in dolores claiborne who be die in present-time but be see as a vibrant glow woman in flashback sequence . two of she most notable past role be mildred layton in the jewel in the crown 1984 and lady catherine de bourgh in 1980 s tv serial version of pride and prejudice . she have appear in some american film and television show most notably as the mother of dr elizabeth corday play by alex kingston on several episode of er .
51 the promo single be usually recognize by its limited liner note and cover artwork as well as its unique catalog number or the occasional lack thereof . quite often vinyl record will be issue in a generic cardboard jacket or white paper sleeve while cd will be issue in a slimline jewel case or cardboard sleeve . there may also be promotion-specific term stamp on the disc or its cover most notably for promotional use only .
16 dashboard confessional ghost of a good thing new york city pearl jam give to fly saskatoon jewel a life uncommon los angeles 3 door down here by i charlestown neil young emmylou harris this old guitar nashville
3 yogyakarta surakarta crown jewel for current palace outside of java but in indonesia list of indonesian monarchy palaces reference
45 the player s objective be to kill monster gain experience find treasure and kill the evil red dragon king . the topmost dungeon level be always a monster-free town with service such as an inn for regenerate spell point a bank for convert stone into jewel piece the currency in moraff s world shop for weapon and armor a temple for cure and access to the wilderness .
32 it be not my name but it will do . the classic 1930 s serial follow the adventure of secret agent x-9. one of his top assignment be to recover the crown jewel of belgravia and to capture master thief blackstone . along with his side kick shara graustark jean rogers agent dexter/x-9 investigate .
13 maryland crab cakes be the official food of the preakness stakes the second jewel of the united states triple crown of thoroughbred racing a horse race that be run on the third saturday of may each year .
60 jerome be apprentice to the russia company in 1571 but the latter be prevent from trading in russia for a period and his first experience be of trading with the dutch . initially he go to russia in may 1573 on the resumption of trade and be an interpreter . on his way to moscow he be give gold and jewel by the gentry and clergy of kostroma for save the town from the tsar .
18 nakisa be the arabicized pronunciation of the word nagisa . both name originate from the persian word negin(meaning jewel . many persian word have arabic pronunciation and some have change over time completely to the arabic form . the arabic alphabet be similar to that of the persian alphabet yet lack certain letter such as g and p. therefore word such as nagisa will be pronounce as nakisa .
69 the flame be covet by a sorcerer know as felix faust . when faust attempt to kill nommo and take the flame for himself nommo absorb the flame and use its power to hurl felix faust into another dimension sadly destroy kor in the process . in order to nurture the growth of the homo magus and produce a candidate powerful enough to be his bride nommo create magical jewel know as the stones of life . he give the stone to the homo magus to aid in their growth . cosmic team doctor mist
14 july 12 call all angels train july 19 unwell matchbox twenty july 26 intuition jewel august 2 intuition jewel august 9 crazy in love beyoncé feature jay-z
12 july 19 unwell matchbox twenty july 26 intuition jewel august 2 intuition jewel august 9 crazy in love beyoncé feature jay-z august 16 crazy in love beyoncé feature jay-z
26 # whitelightgenerator – 3:59 # all the way .. . – 4:08 # untitled – 9:03 a track of complete silence not list on back of jewel case insert
23 he edward appropriate the most valuable and potent symbol of welsh princely independence llywely n s coronet the matrix of his seal the jewel and crown of arthur and above all the most cherished relic in wales the piece of the true cross know as y groes naid just as he remove the stone of scone from scotland in 1296 . r.r. davies davies r.r. 2000 . the age of conquest wales 1063-1415 .
6 accord to king edward i s jewel account for that regnal year 12 edward i the crown be recoat in gold plating to make it look more impressive which suggest that it may have be make of iron . it be then present at the shrine of edward the confessor in westminster abbey as the coron arthur or the crown of king arthur . the coronet alongside the english crown jewels be keep in westminster abbey until 1303 before they be all re-house in the tower of london after it and the english crown jewels be all temporarily steal .
79 it be then present at the shrine of edward the confessor in westminster abbey as the coron arthur or the crown of king arthur . the coronet alongside the english crown jewels be keep in westminster abbey until 1303 before they be all re-house in the tower of london after it and the english crown jewels be all temporarily steal . it be widely think that llywely n s coronet be destroy alongside most of the original english crown jewel in 1649 by order of oliver cromwell however an inventory take by the new republican administration prior to the destruction of the crown jewel make no mention of this coronet .
103 it be then present at the shrine of edward the confessor in westminster abbey as the coron arthur or the crown of king arthur . the coronet alongside the english crown jewels be keep in westminster abbey until 1303 before they be all re-house in the tower of london after it and the english crown jewels be all temporarily steal . it be widely think that llywely n s coronet be destroy alongside most of the original english crown jewel in 1649 by order of oliver cromwell however an inventory take by the new republican administration prior to the destruction of the crown jewel make no mention of this coronet .
18 today the maryland symphony orchestra be widely recognize as one of washington county s most valuable asset —a jewel that continue to shine brightly for music lover everywhere . it play regularly in the maryland theatre .
16 the uk cd single be release as a two separate disc which fit in a double jewel case that be include with the first disc . both disc have different picture sleeve and different contents other than a radio edit of the holy river and edit of somebody s somebody also from emancipation . disc one also include two remix of somebody s somebody a livestudio mix and an ultrafantasy edit .
22 life she be know as one of the world s most adventurous and uncatchable thief . she have steal item think unstealable jewel painting money just about anything she so wish and she almost never get catch . she and rebecca later meet newly immortal duncan macleod in 1635 alongside rebecca . she relationship with duncan become intimate and be on/off throughout the century .
3 2.monihara the lost jewel kali banerjee phanibhusan saha kanika majumdar manimalika
32 taijide princess of the abaga banner another daughter of prince de wang prince su haoge a distant relation of prince de wang prince su son of the above and father of east jewel kawashima yoshiko manchu aisingoro xianwangyu princess daughter of prince su and collaborator during the occupation
18 and bid for this fair lady call . who will purchase the whole —her body and soul coronet jewel and all ”
6 she take from she hand the jewel the coronet from she brow “lord jesus ” she say as she bow she head
19 thus roughly in the geometrical shape of a diamond the term vlaamse ruit which have no connotation with any jewel or flemish diamond have become a reference to the most urbanized and industrialized and prosperous area in belgium .
40 the immature buttons or eggs of deadly amanita species can be confuse with puffball . for this reason puffball should always be sliced vertically and inspect for the develop structure of a mushroom . however amanitas will generally not have jewel or a bumpy surface for the most part .
50 a series of troubling revelation start to appear in the press concern intelligence activity . the dam break on 22 december 1974 when the new york times publish a lengthy article by seymour hersh detail operation engage in by the cia over the year that have be dub the family jewel . covert action program involve assassination attempt against foreign leader and covert attempt to subvert foreign government be report for the first time . in addition the article discuss effort by intelligence agency to collect information on the political activity of we citizen .
0 jewel the pearl be choose as the national jewel by the founder . they choose the pearl because of its glow beauty gain through year of growth .
8 jewel the pearl be choose as the national jewel by the founder . they choose the pearl because of its glow beauty gain through year of growth .
59 ralph recently out of prison plan on kill jack but be stop by an arab name tarak paul david magid who tell jack of omar s true intention . this include the fact that he have their greatest treasure the jewel of the nile in his possession . ralph immediately interest at the prospect agree to help find the jewel . jack however be less than convince . but seconds later the angelina explode have be sabotage under omar s order .
38 jack however be less than convince . but seconds later the angelina explode have be sabotage under omar s order . he then agree to team up with ralph and tarak in order to track down the lose jewel in omar s kingdom .
3 response while the jewel of the nile gross nearly as much as its predecessor box office mojo the jewel of the nile the film be much less successful critically and help to effectively kill the franchise citation need although it be say at the time that both kathleen turner and michael douglas only make the sequel because they be contractually obligate to do so . by roger ebert the chicago sun-times . .
18 response while the jewel of the nile gross nearly as much as its predecessor box office mojo the jewel of the nile the film be much less successful critically and help to effectively kill the franchise citation need although it be say at the time that both kathleen turner and michael douglas only make the sequel because they be contractually obligate to do so . by roger ebert the chicago sun-times . .
35 critic feel the film be load with numerous plot hole and that it lack the first film s original charm . the new york times open its review by writing there be nothing in the jewel of the nile that be not funnier or more fanciful in romance the stone . by janet maslin the new york times . . 1985-12-11 . .
44 museum before she death isabel de saisset inform the president and govern board of the university of she wish to donate family real estate and the family art collection for the purpose of construct a gallery and museum . many of she personal item jewel silver and tapestry be also donate . since that time the museum have expand its collection to include many object from the united states and abroad .
29 arkad proudly state that he do . algamish ask arkad where he invest his earnings . arkad say that he give it to azmur the brick-maker to invest in jewel . algamish say that arkad be a fool he should have ask the jewel merchant about jewel not the brick-maker . advice be give freely but should be look upon skeptically .
36 algamish ask arkad where he invest his earnings . arkad say that he give it to azmur the brick-maker to invest in jewel . algamish say that arkad be a fool he should have ask the jewel merchant about jewel not the brick-maker . advice be give freely but should be look upon skeptically . sure enough azmur have be cheat and have lose all of arkad s money .
39 algamish ask arkad where he invest his earnings . arkad say that he give it to azmur the brick-maker to invest in jewel . algamish say that arkad be a fool he should have ask the jewel merchant about jewel not the brick-maker . advice be give freely but should be look upon skeptically . sure enough azmur have be cheat and have lose all of arkad s money .
24 he enumerate the follow “safest loan be those whose possession be of more value than the one they desire . they own land or jewel or camel or other thing which could be sell to repay the loan . ” “other safe loan be those who have the capacity to earn . they labor or serve and repay .
29 lieutenant trent satanik s main opponent . the main antagonist of satanik be the policeman lt . trent whose companion satanik have kill . after a ménage with the jewel trader max lincoln #38-100 in the last number she get engage with kriss hunter a black private detective . one of the villain of the series the vampire baron wurdalak who due to his bumble nature later also appear in the comedic-oriented series alan ford .
17 löb ladislaus . deal with satan . jonathan cape 2008 p . 114. three suitcase of cash jewel gold and share of stock amounting to about $ 1000 per person be pay to ss officer kurt becher in ransom . bauer p198-199 .
40 candlestick a holder for a candle or candle to ensure its use which have a symbolic meaning in the liturgy . it mean christ symbolize the believer faith and the perpetual light . ring a pontifical ornament generally set with jewel which be on one hand the sign of faith and on the other hand indicate the inner unity and love link the prelate with the diocese . chalice and paten the most sacred instrument of the eucharist in which the priest change the wine into christ’s blood and the host into christ’s body . their liturgical role determine the material they be make of their artistic implementation and the apply representation .
61 although it be safely contain in this area the captive machine roar and rage like a caged beast . mazinkaiser be finally activate by kouji in a crisis while mazinger z be be overhaul the mycene force attack the photon research institute with multiple mass-produced great mazingers . this version of mazinkaiser have three mode which be signify on its chest jewel . it have demon 魔 mode in which the kaiser pileder be not install and mazinkaiser move by its own will z mode the normal mode that kouji use and god 神 mode . the power of mazinkaiser in god mode be currently unknown but it be speculate to be on par with a full-powered shin getter robo
11 redevelopment introduction the rnoh be repute weasel word to be a jewel in the crown of nhs neuro-musculoskeletal care with an international reputation for pioneer treatment and excellence in both routine and complex patient care delivery .
11 1988 213.de eenzame eenhoorn 214.de parel in de lotusbloem w&w the jewel in the lotus 215.de krimson-crisis 216.de wervelende waterzak
35 as a result governor miró decree that woman of color and black woman slave or free should cover their hair and head with a knotted headdress and refrain from excessive attention to dress themselves in jewel or feather to maintain class distinction . but the woman who be target of this decree be inventive and imaginative . they decorate tignon with their jewel ribbon or by use the finest colored material with which to wrap their hair .
62 as a result governor miró decree that woman of color and black woman slave or free should cover their hair and head with a knotted headdress and refrain from excessive attention to dress themselves in jewel or feather to maintain class distinction . but the woman who be target of this decree be inventive and imaginative . they decorate tignon with their jewel ribbon or by use the finest colored material with which to wrap their hair . in other word t]hey effectively re-interpret the law without technically break the law nps ethnography african american heritage ethnography and they continue to be pursue by man .
30 very occasionally a dragon may be depict as carry a dragon orb know as the yeouiju 여의주 in one or more of its claw . model after the mythical cintamani jewel or pearl it be say that whoever could wield the yeouiju be bless with the ability of omnipotence and creation at will and that only four-toed dragon who have thumb with which to hold the orb be both wise and powerful enough to wield these orb as oppose to the lesser three-toed dragon .
43 the deceased mycenean leader . among they the most famous be the one that be name erroneously as the mask of agamemnon . there be also find from the citadel of mycenae include relief stele golden container glass alabaster and amber tool and jewel . other highlight be a group in ivory show two goddess with a child a painted limestone head of a goddess and the famous warrior s vase date from the 12th century .
36 however today only 1100 of they be available for the public . the collection be consider to be one of the best collection of egyptian art in the world . the exhibition feature rare statue tool jewel mummy a wooden body tag for a mummy a stunning bronze statue of a princess intact bird egg and a 3000-year-old loaf of bread with a bite-sized chunk miss . the exhibition centrepiece be a bronze statue of the princess-priestess takushit date to around 670 bc . stand 70 cm high and wear a gown cover in hieroglyph the statue be find south of alexandria in 1880 .
26 stathatos collection stathatos collection take its name by the donor and major greek benefactor antonis and eleni stathatos . the collection feature about 1000 object mainly jewel as well as metal object vase and pottery from the middle bronze age to post-byzantine era . its highlight be the hellenistic period golden jewel from karpenissi and thessaly .
49 stathatos collection take its name by the donor and major greek benefactor antonis and eleni stathatos . the collection feature about 1000 object mainly jewel as well as metal object vase and pottery from the middle bronze age to post-byzantine era . its highlight be the hellenistic period golden jewel from karpenissi and thessaly .
32 atul sethi 2007-06-24 . the times of india . . she be also the sister of bhagwandas and the aunt of man singh i of amber who later become one the nine jewel navaratnas in the court of akbar . . .
50 kyo and company reach the second gate which be actually two gate . as they reach the gate they be greet by yukimura who appear to have defect to the mibu . he tell the group to leave now or else they will die and kyo will lose a treasured jewel . the guardian of the double gate be saishi and saisei . akira defeat the two though he be badly injure by their attack .
26 # it ain't nothing like feature the pharcyde the nextmen remix rae christian – 4:21 # crowdpleasers feature dj noize fingathing – 3:43 # drop a jewel feature afu ra funky fresh few – 4:45 # nightlife feature substantial aim – 3:59 # no restriction feature souls of mischief aim – 4:07
3 rebecca becca fisher jewel staite becca also 13 be the much-flustered best friend of tucker and be experience the same disillusionment with eighth grade . she new best friend be christine someone who becca see as an easier person than tucker to confide in about the thing that be start to matter namely boy .
16 2005 begin in thrill fashion as loomis win his very first daytona 500 nascar s crown jewel event . the # 24 team also go on to win at martinsville and talladega early in the year but the rest of the season would be a nightmare . the # 24 team experience radical handling problem at downforce track .
34 retrieve january 6 2009 . . a ground near ramdaspeth area in nagpur be select for the ceremony . on october 14 1956 dr. ambedkar and his wife mrs.savita ambedkar take oath of three jewel and five precept from mahasthavir chandramani . dr. ambedkar then give the oath of three jewels five precept and 22 vow to his thousand of follower .
30 but the most notable characteristic that distinguish these portrait from those of leonardo be the overall sense of serenity which even the close attention to the material of clothes and jewel which draw one s attention to the couple s wealth be unable to attenuate . every element even those of secondary importance work together to create a precise balance .
35 his aesthetic sense be cultivate at school by two nun . the mother superior give he he say a sexy sensual erotic decadent book about the pleasure of the flesh the pleasure of colour of jewel of life . she give it all to i and say you can read that but do not tell anyone . #endnote
12 emmylou harris special wish from the peace prize winner harry connick jr jewel mariah carey my all butterfly one sweet day w/boyz ii man nils petter molvær
21 it be release only in japan . it be an object elimination type puzzle game . a player control a spherical jewel and jump from tile to tile . stepping on an arrow shift a row or column in the direction of the arrow . place two or more of the same object next to each to clear away object .
35 story an indiana jones style explorer be trap inside an ancient egyptian temple . he meet a goddess who be so low in power that she can only take the form of a large spherical jewel . he enter the jewel to restore she power by clear each level .
39 an indiana jones style explorer be trap inside an ancient egyptian temple . he meet a goddess who be so low in power that she can only take the form of a large spherical jewel . he enter the jewel to restore she power by clear each level .
17 gameplay the game be play on an 8x8 tile grid . the player control the large spherical jewel and can move around with the directional pad . the player can step on any type of tile except a wall . a tile can be either an empty space a wall an object or an arrow .
49 tension come to a boiling point when zisi throw a glass of champagne in she rival s face . eliot chase after she tell she that joss be just a child within the young woman s hearing . have guess from a newspaper article that eliot be a notorious jewel thief an outraged joss mail hester s photograph of he to the police .
52 in 1973 she play aldonza/dulcinea in the bbc production of don quixote retitle the adventure of don quixote star rex harrison and frank finlay . in 1981 she play emilia opposite bob hoskins s iago in the bbc shakespeare s production of othello . in 1982 she play aunt fenny in the jewel in the crown .
36 before the standard commonly use dvd case be invent early cd-rom base video game such as sega cd and early playstation title would often come in a taller keep case which resemble a thicker and taller jewel case . these have be repute to break very easily .
9 the disconnected albuma rare picture of the disconnected album jewel case . sign to warner bros. records the band go to work record their debut album title disconnect .
87 in order to give she a confidence boost and to let she have some fun aimi s grandmother give she the magic eyeshadow which be a family heirloom and aimi transform into shadow lady . to keep an eye on she aimi s grandmother also sprinkle some magic dust on one of aimi s stuffed doll and temporarily bring it to life as de-mo who act as she sidekick in she brief misadventure . though at first she be interested in mischief-making aimi/shadow lady eventually thwart a jewel thief which cause bright to fall in love with shadow lady much to aimi s dismay by the end of the comic .
39 furious over his death snart vow revenge . she adopt an orange ice-skater s costume a mask and ice skate which create their own ice flow allow she to effectively skate on air . she also have diamond and jewel that can be use as explosive or hypnotic device . the golden glider seek revenge against the silver age flash for several year . she frequently collaborate in she heist with she brother who be very protective of she .
54 the golden glider be an olympic level figure skater . thanks to a pair of experimental skate that create their own ice she be able to skate on any surface include mid-air . she invent or acquire depend on the item a number of jewel-themed gadget and weapon such as poisoned ring or hypnosis jewel and use these to great effect in she crusade against the flash .
7 gold diggers the secret of bear mountain jewel staite daisy roger r. cross roger
2 just deal jewel staite daisy kandyse mcclure kat anne marie deluise sophie
2 the x-file jewel staite daisy benita ha annie restaurant owner lynda boyd shelby s mother sean campbell sheriff dmitry chepovetsky jeff roger r. cross roger
40 this be a city build up in the trans-northalian mountain range . its society be clan-like under the rule of cryotek found member of the spectral knights . northalia s main commerce with the rest of the world be the jewel from its famous mine . avitrix just to the east of the northalian mountains be the mountain-peak kingdom of avitrix .
66 paolo too never assume any public duty . it appear that it be their mother maria labia who be the intellectual drive force of the family in she youth a great beauty she be paint by rosalba carriera . the french traveller and social commentator charles de brosses report that in old age she have a lively wit flirtatious nature and possess the finest collection of jewel in europe . this collection be also portray in some of tiepolo s work in the palazzo .
107 the fresco be principally of an architectural nature feature doorway window and balcony in trompe l'oeil through the illusionary doorway and window can be view the meeting of anthony and the egyptian queen and cleopatra s banquet while from the paint balcony and upper window member of cleopatra s court seem to look down . it be though the model for these figure be member of the labia s household . in a banquet scene cleopatra be depict dissolve a priceless pearl in a goblet of wine this represent the labia s position in venetian society maria labia identify herself with cleopatra with she great wealth and jewel collection she too be well able to afford to dispose of pearl in such a fashion if she choose . a legend have persist in venice that maria labia herself be the model for cleopatra but no documentary evidence exist to support the claim .
27 in a speech on april 23 2006 st george s day for the campaign to celebrate our english heritage controversial journalist garry bushell cite bondage as a jewel in the crown of england s glory bushell garry 2006-04-23 . . .
36 the late-mannerist decorative program of painting and sculpture be base on item encompass by the collection . the object collection itself be store in 20 cabinet . in the center be a fresco of prometheus receive jewel from nature comment on the interplay of divine nature and humanity that be the goal of both artistic and scientific interest .
4 alvin unknowingly assist a jewel thief steal some jewelry from a cabin on their cruise ship and simon and theodore begin to investigate the crime . broadcast 10/1/8 3 simon get the pleasure of play sherlock holmes while theodore get to play holmes assistant doctor watson .
16 the chipette be alvie s angels a crime fighting team to hunt down the most popular jewel thief name chazz fleming . broadcast 12/7/88 syndication spoof of the tv series charlie s angels .
38 william be the first to portray erle stanley gardner s fictional defense attorney perry mason on the big screen and star in four fast pace comical and highly entertaining perry mason mystery . he also play raffles-like reform jewel thief the lone wolf for columbia pictures begin with the lone wolf spy hunt 1939 with ida lupino and rita hayworth and he star as detective philo vance in two film in that series 1934 s the dragon murder case and 1939 s the gracie allen murder case bill below gracie allen .
38 baha'i prayers and songs jewel in the lotus album produce in 1987 by the keyboardist jack lenz for do not blink music inc. in ontario canada with song or voice by seals crofts layli ericks and other . jewel in the lotus
37 shirt collar which be not starch be describe as soft collar . the shape of collar be also control by the shape of the neckline to which they be attach . most collar be fit to a jewel neck a neckline sit at the base of the neck all around if the garment open down the front the top edge may be fold back to form lapel and a v-shaped opening and the cut of the collar will be adjust accordingly .
16 x22.2mm x9.8mm weight 19.5g the smallest exposure meter in the world . flash gun tessina 17 jewel mechanical watch leather belt case in black or brown with gold color trim . wrist bracket for wear tessina camera like a large watch
52 both internal and external pressure force he into exile late in 1961 when he flee back to france along with all of the survive trujillos aboard the famed yacht angelita still sailing today as the sea cloud with his father s casket which be allegedly line with $ 4 million in cash jewel and important papers .
40 the government debt mount rapidly nearly double between 1854 and 1869 when it hit a level of almost fifty dollar per capita a crush burden for so poor a country . there be no end in sight . the royal jewel be sell and the royal estate mortgage but the main problem be poor government management waste and corruption and above all extremely low revenue from an unproductive economy . all entailment of estate be abolish in 1863 open up the market for agricultural production but the effect of this be slow in come . fontismo rely mainly on foreign investment and the raising of loan while encourage free trade to the detriment of national manufacture and maintain high excise .
23 refuge in the three jewelsfootprint of the buddha with dharmachakra and triratna 1st century ce gandhāra . main article refuge buddhism and three jewel
55 in mahayana the person who choose the bodhisattva path make a vow or pledge consider the ultimate expression of compassion . in mahayana too the three jewels be perceive as possess of an eternal and unchanging essence and as have an irreversible effect the three jewels have the quality of excellence . just as real jewel never change their faculty and goodness whether praise or revile so be the three jewels refuges because they have an eternal and immutable essence . these three jewels bring a fruition that be changeless for once one have reach buddhahood there be no possibility of fall back to suffering . professor c.d. sebastian metaphysics and mysticism in mahayana buddhism sri satguru publications bibliotheca indo-buddhica series no. 238 delhi 2005 p . 83
27 hobkirk continue to play for ubc while take law from 1976 to 1979 . upon graduate in law from ubc in 1979 he be award the third jewel of the triple crown receive ubc athletics prestigious bobby gaul award as ubc s outstanding male athlete of the year .
11 in that year s winston 500 consider one of the crown jewel of the sport hold at the fastest track on the circuit the talladega superspeedway adcox and his father qualify for the event . with a hundred lap in the book a caution come out as donnie allison s clutch burn out and david sisco s motor go up in smoke . gary bettenhausen who have pit a lap after the leader and be up on jack as young adcox come down for service .
41 accord to wriothesley windsor herald who write the informative chronicle of england during the reign of the tudors it be the month of july the image of our lady of walsingham and ipswich be bring up to london with all the jewel that hang around they at the king s commandment and diver other image both in england and wales that be use for common pilgrimage . . . and they be burn at chelsea by my lord privy seal . two other chronicler hall and speed suggest that the actual burning do not take place until september .
10 schmuck be a surname . of german origin it mean jewel or jewelry . the name be commonly see on sign and billboard in germany and austria relate to the merchandising of precious jewelry . the schmuck family name have be trace to the birth of christian von schmuck in 1370 .
42 wilkie and i . . . go to the buckley s last night . they do the most preposterous thing in the way of violin solos deeply sentimental songs and lucrezia borgia music sing by a majestic female in black velvet and jewel with a blacken face all that part of it be intolerably bad . but the real nigger thing be very good and there be one man—the tambourine—who attempt to do thing with chair in remembrance of an acrobat he have see which be the most genuinely ludicrous thing of its kind i ever behold .
54 kei ケイ kei 19 42 48 first appear in task 19 she be the only female ashu and be eiji s mother as a result of she and kando s sharing of a forbid love . after converse with natsuki souta and satoru by means of she spirit trap in a mirror a tear-shaped jewel be leave behind . kei come to she son s aid during his fight with ouga in task 42 and help he return to his world . she make a cameo in task 48 .
79 langley s book be enormously influential in britain s american colony . at mount vernon for example george washington rely upon plate 51 of langley s the city and country builder s and workman s treasury of designs as the source for the famous venetian or palladian window in the dining room upon plate 54 of the same book for the ocular window on mount vernon s western facade and upon plate 75 of langley s the builder s jewel for the rusticated wood siding . the center for palladian studies in america inc. palladio and patternbooks in colonial america .
5 track list last love song jewel fish last love song instrumental
58 the floor plan of each level be randomly generate but remain unchanged throughout a single game . though each level be about the same size the complexity of the floor plan become more maze-like as the character descend to deeper dungeon level . there be also item include weapon armor magical ring scroll potion wand food item and jewel place randomly throughout the dungeon s floor .
62 a controversial purchase at the time both because of its exceptional cost £8200 and contemporary style it hang for many year in the kelvingrove before be move to its present location in st mungo museum of religious life and art in 1993 . it have since return to the newly refurbish kelvingrove . now regard as priceless it be one of the jewel of the city s art collection and have also prove commercially successful with show and reproduction fee cover the original cost several time over .
51 main article rouge the bat rouge the bat ルージュ・ザ・バット rūju za batto be a white female bat who make she first appearance in sonic adventure 2 in 2001 and who have be feature in several game since . she be depict as a professional treasure hunter devote to the pursuit of jewel sega 2004 . sonic heroes instruction manual pp . 9 call herself the world s greatest thief . she have a tendency to ignore abstract morality or manners for potential profit . .
41 echium wildpretius be a herbaceous biennial plant that grow up to 3 m in height . the species be endemic to the island of tenerife and be find mainly in las cañadas del teide . the common name be tower of jewel red bugloss tenerife bugloss or mount teide bugloss . bramwell d and bramwell z 2001 wild flower of the canary islands . 2nd edition .
5 manipura chakra manipura city of jewel in sanskrit . manipura be the third primary chakra accord to hindu tradition . it be position at the navel region and it have ten petal which match the vritti of spiritual ignorance thirst jealousy treachery shame fear disgust delusion foolishness and sadness .
13 john a. seybold june 12 1923 february 2 2005 be an american former jewel thief who author the home invaders confession of a cat burglar under the pen name frank hohimer . the book be use as the basis for the 1981 film thief star james caan . as hohimer seybold serve as the technical advisor on the film s chicago set with fbi warrant outstanding .
14 on the 16th may 2008 she be rob at chadstone shopping centre . priceless jewel inherit from she mother be steal along with she wedding ring .
11 bush and the nsa spy scandal . the huffington post family jewel central intelligence agency document release in 2007 and on the national security archive s website
23 later king sluks build a strong rampart with 72 tower around the 72 street and the two entry to the citadel . a jewel of the citadel be the so-called red church with trace of pre-muslim mosaic . it be believe that timur visit the citadel in 1393 during his military expedition . the modern wall go back to the ottoman period .
11 his real name be bhattu murti though because he be the jewel bhushanam of the royal court of aliya rama raya he later become know as ramarajabhushanudu . he be also a distinguished musician and play the veena .
37 karmarkar 1947 p111 ornament be popular among man and woman and even elephant and horse be decorate . man wear finger ring necklace honnasara and honnagalum sara bracelet kaduga and wristlet kaftkina . woman wear a nose jewel bottu nose ring mugutti bangle bale or kankana and various type of necklace honna gante sara and katus sutra . during leisure man amuse themselves with horse riding watch wrestling bout cock fight and ram fight . karmarkar 1947 p112 there exist a large and well organise network of school for impart higher education and these school be know by various name such as agrahara ghatikas brahmapura or matha .
76 a teenage sex comedy of the sort that proliferate in the mid-1980 this farce be notable for feature two lead actor who would go on to bigger and better thing . johnny depp and rob morrow star as jack and ben respectively teen buddy who be on the sexual prowl for beautiful wealthy girl at a posh miami resort where they be weekend guest . also on the prowl be the maestro hector elizondo a skilled jewel thief who be pursue the diamond necklace of society woman amanda rawlings dody goodman . when they accidentally run afoul of the maestro ben and jack suddenly have their hand full .
67 magical ring can be magical for a variety of reason or the storyteller can give no reason at all . some ring be explain as ordinary ring that have become magical because they have be enchant by a magician or touch by a god . other ring be magical because of the material they be make of often a ring be a mere carrier for a special jewel which itself be the source of the magic . other ring be magical because they be inhabit by a spirit .
1 of jewel the sapphire of heavenly body jupiter the planet jupiter be further associate with the metal tin in traditional alchemical/occultistic lore
5 a compact disc in its jewel case . compact disc manufacturing be the process by which commercial compact disc cd be replicate in mass quantity use a master version create from a source recording . this may be either in audio form cd-audio or datum form cd-rom .
47 when she grow up as a charming young girl she be wed to paramathathan the son of a rich merchant in nagapattinam . even after marriage she continue she choose religious life . saiva devotee who visit she home be lavishly feed and be give clothes and jewel accord to their need .
53 fabric and trim the general trend toward abundant surface ornamentation in the elizabethan era be mirror in clothing especially amongst the aristocracy in england shirt and chemise be embroider with blackwork and edge in lace and heavy cut velvet and brocade be further ornament with apply bobbin lace gold and silver embroidery and jewel . arnold janet patterns of fashion the cut and construction of clothes for man and woman 1560-1620 macmillan 1985 . revise edition 1986 .
52 # leonora di toledo wear a blue gown with a flare collar and tight undersleeve with horizontal trim . the uncorseted s-shaped figure be clearly show 1571 . # elizabeth of austria be portray by the french court painter françois clouet in a brocade gown and a partlet with a lattice of jewel 1571 . the lattice partlet be a common french fashion . # in this allegorical painting c. 1572 elizabeth i wear a fit gown with hang sleeve over a match arched bodice and skirt or petticoat elaborate undersleeve and a high-necked chemise with a ruff .
32 later a conical feel hat with a rounded crown call a capotain or copotain become fashionable . these become very tall toward the end of century . hats be decorate with a jewel or feather and be wear indoor and out .
36 style gallery 1550s-1560s1 c. 15502 15573 15604 15605 15636 15667 15668 1568 # king edward vi of england wear match black doublet pan hose and gown trim with band of gold braid or embroidery close with jewel c. 1550 . # antoine de bourbon wear an embroidered black doublet with work buttons and a matching gown . his high collar be wear open at the top in the french fashion .
13 bardas バルダス barudasu 8 an other-dimensional warrior who get his power from a jewel call the pholon jewel which fit inside his head . with his jewel he could fire energy blast and be nearly unstoppable but the b-fighter destroy it and kill he after lose his jewel have horribly weaken he .
26 bardas バルダス barudasu 8 an other-dimensional warrior who get his power from a jewel call the pholon jewel which fit inside his head . with his jewel he could fire energy blast and be nearly unstoppable but the b-fighter destroy it and kill he after lose his jewel have horribly weaken he .
47 bardas バルダス barudasu 8 an other-dimensional warrior who get his power from a jewel call the pholon jewel which fit inside his head . with his jewel he could fire energy blast and be nearly unstoppable but the b-fighter destroy it and kill he after lose his jewel have horribly weaken he .
7 # blue bird # beautiful fighter # jewel # momentum # 1love
49 he say all this be his fate and could not be anything else he fail to recognize shani in the form of horse sale person . while he be try to find way in the forest he be attack by a group of dacoit . they rob all his jewel and beat he . vikrama still not worry about situation say the robber manage to take only his crown but not his head . as he walk down and reach for water in the nearby river .
20 she wait beside the bed for vikrama to wake up . slowly she feel sleepy . she take off she jewel and keep hang on the nail with a duck’s painting . she fall asleep. when vikrama wake up he notice the duck in the painting swallow the jewel .
32 she take off she jewel and keep hang on the nail with a duck’s painting . she fall asleep. when vikrama wake up he notice the duck in the painting swallow the jewel . as he be recollect what he see the shopkeeper’s daughter wake up and notice miss jewel . she call she father and say he be thief .
33 she fall asleep. when vikrama wake up he notice the duck in the painting swallow the jewel . as he be recollect what he see the shopkeeper’s daughter wake up and notice miss jewel . she call she father and say he be thief .
32 when he be about to die he pray for shani . he accept his mistake and agree that he be too proud of his status . shani appear and give he his jewel leg arm and everything back . vikrama request shani not to give pain to ordinary people like what he have go through . he say a strong person like he be able to suffer but ordinary people will not be able to .
41 shani agree and tell that he will not . recognize the king surrender to his emperor and agree to marry his daughter to he . at the same time the shopkeeper run to palace and say the duck have release the jewel from its mouth . he too offer his daughter to the emperor . vikrama return to ujjain and live with shani’s blessing as great emperor .
15 lost from she majesty s back the costume society 1980 . item of clothing and jewel lose or give away by elizabeth i between 1561 and 1583 enter in one of the day book keep for the record of the wardrobe of robes .
59 the seminoles 1998 championship 98 slogan be indeed prophetic . the seminoles steamroll through the mfl regular season annihilating each opponent in fashion unprecedented in michigan semi-pro football history to finally capture its first mfl title win the championship game 58 0 against the overmatched but game jackson bombers . championship 98 also be without a doubt the crowning jewel in the young seminole history and without question the noles greatest season to date . if not for a some fantastic heroics in the usfa national championship battle at marlboro against the 4 time defend national champion shamrock noles lose 31-35 the 98 seminoles team could arguably be consider one of the greatest team in semi-pro history . the detroit seminoles be rank # 1 in the land in most every poll before loss in usfa final the seminoles finish the season at a remarkable 15-1 # 2 in the country but a closer look into the number unveil a dominance of which have not be see in the midwest since the old racine gladiator wus .
51 many of the city s leader have be bury at valley cemetery include manchester mayors jacob f. james warren l. lane alonzo smith david a. bunton darwin j. daniels joseph b. clark david b. varney and william c. clarke governor frederick smyth 1819 1899 whose impose tomb be one of the jewel of the cemetery governor moody currier 1806 1898 congressman ira allen eastman 1809 1881
10 satyabhama be the daughter of satrajit who own the syamantaka jewel . satrajit who secure the jewel from surya and would not part with it even when krishna the lord of dwarka ask for it say it would be safe with he . shortly thereafter prasena the brother of satrajit go out hunting wear the jewel but be kill by a lion .
16 satyabhama be the daughter of satrajit who own the syamantaka jewel . satrajit who secure the jewel from surya and would not part with it even when krishna the lord of dwarka ask for it say it would be safe with he . shortly thereafter prasena the brother of satrajit go out hunting wear the jewel but be kill by a lion . jambavan know for his role in the ramayana kill the lion and give the jewel to his son to play with .
55 satyabhama be the daughter of satrajit who own the syamantaka jewel . satrajit who secure the jewel from surya and would not part with it even when krishna the lord of dwarka ask for it say it would be safe with he . shortly thereafter prasena the brother of satrajit go out hunting wear the jewel but be kill by a lion . jambavan know for his role in the ramayana kill the lion and give the jewel to his son to play with . when prasena do not return satrajit falsely accuse krishna of kill prasena for the sake of the jewel .
65 satrajit who secure the jewel from surya and would not part with it even when krishna the lord of dwarka ask for it say it would be safe with he . shortly thereafter prasena the brother of satrajit go out hunting wear the jewel but be kill by a lion . jambavan know for his role in the ramayana kill the lion and give the jewel to his son to play with . when prasena do not return satrajit falsely accuse krishna of kill prasena for the sake of the jewel .
59 shortly thereafter prasena the brother of satrajit go out hunting wear the jewel but be kill by a lion . jambavan know for his role in the ramayana kill the lion and give the jewel to his son to play with . when prasena do not return satrajit falsely accuse krishna of kill prasena for the sake of the jewel .
16 krishna in order to remove the stain on his reputation set out in search of the jewel and find it in jambavan s cave with his child . jambavan attack krishna think he to be an intruder who have come to take away the jewel . they fight each other for 28 day when jambavan his whole body terribly weaken from the hammering of krishna s fist finally recognise him as rama and surrender .
44 krishna in order to remove the stain on his reputation set out in search of the jewel and find it in jambavan s cave with his child . jambavan attack krishna think he to be an intruder who have come to take away the jewel . they fight each other for 28 day when jambavan his whole body terribly weaken from the hammering of krishna s fist finally recognise him as rama and surrender .
11 as repentance for his have fight krishna jambavan give krishna the jewel and also his daughter jambavati in marriage . krishna return the jewel to satrajit who in turn repent for his false accusation . he promptly offer to give krishna the jewel and his daughter satyabhama in marriage .
23 as repentance for his have fight krishna jambavan give krishna the jewel and also his daughter jambavati in marriage . krishna return the jewel to satrajit who in turn repent for his false accusation . he promptly offer to give krishna the jewel and his daughter satyabhama in marriage . krishna accept satyabhama as his wife but do not accept the jewel .
42 as repentance for his have fight krishna jambavan give krishna the jewel and also his daughter jambavati in marriage . krishna return the jewel to satrajit who in turn repent for his false accusation . he promptly offer to give krishna the jewel and his daughter satyabhama in marriage . krishna accept satyabhama as his wife but do not accept the jewel . # jewel
41 krishna return the jewel to satrajit who in turn repent for his false accusation . he promptly offer to give krishna the jewel and his daughter satyabhama in marriage . krishna accept satyabhama as his wife but do not accept the jewel . # jewel
29 he promptly offer to give krishna the jewel and his daughter satyabhama in marriage . krishna accept satyabhama as his wife but do not accept the jewel . # jewel
62 all that she have be soon put on the scale but it do n’t budge . narada start taunt she and threaten she that if she can’t put enough gold or diamond he will be force to auction krishna as a slave to someone else . satyabhama in frantic panic swallow she pride and beg all the other wife to give their jewel . they agree out of love for krishna but alas it be of no use .
54 she finally swallow she pride and appeal to the devote first wife of krishna . rukmini come and with a prayer to she husband put a single leaf of the sacred tulasi on the scale tula . lo and behold the scale become all at once so heavy that even after remove all the jewel the scale be weigh down on the side of the tulasi leaf .
44 henry arthur callis january 14 1887 – november 12 1974 be one of the commonly refer to as the seven jewels of alpha phi alpha fraternity at cornell university in 1906 . callis co-author the fraternity name with eugene jones and become the only jewel to become general president of the fraternity . callis assist in the organization of several chapter include theta chapter 1910 in chicago and later xi lambda chapter 1924 also in chicago .
25 george biddle kelley bear in august 24,1884 in harlem manhattan new york city new york united states be one of the commonly refer to as jewel of alpha phi alpha fraternity at cornell university in 1906 and alpha chapter’s first president .
28 thief able to move unseen convince people climb wall etc . robber noteless in a crowd good at knife throwing and martial art estimate a value of a jewel etc . sicco estimate intention of people build a net organized band
16 this be the fourth pink panther movie that have nothing to do with the pink panther jewel .
46 in england from the 1630 under the influence of literature and especially court masque anthony van dyck and his follower create a fashion for have one s portrait paint in exotic historical or pastoral dress or in simplified contemporary fashion with various scarf cloak mantle and jewel add to evoke a classic or romantic mood and also to prevent the portrait appear date within a few year . these painting be the progenitor of the fashion of the later 17th century for have one s portrait paint in undress and do not necessarily reflect clothing as it be actually wear . see gordenker van dyck and the representation of dress in seventeenth-century portraiture .
79 the libretto be write by adolphe d'ennery and jules-henri brésil . it be first perform in paris at the théâtre lyrique théâtre-historique boulevard du temple on 4 september 1852 open with a dual cast to allow performance on successive evening it make up half of all performance at the théâtre lyrique in the last four month of the year and reach over 170 performance in its first ten year . the production be consider lavish with expensive costume and jewel be wear by the cast . walsh tj. second empire opera – the théâtre-lyrique paris 1851–1870 .
49 in 2001 benny and chris often hang out at the ooh-fa pizza restaurant until chris decide it be beneath his status as a make man . this bring they into contact with jackie aprile jr. and his friend . jackie inform they of an opportunity to rob a charity jewel concert at rutgers university . benny accompany chris when he rob the concert and fire at a security guard that catch the robbery in progress no one be hurt and chris and benny make a clean escape with jackie drive .
138 the bêgam try in vain to persuade she husband to receive all the european officer of the corps at his table as gentleman urge that not only their domestic peace but their safety among such a turbulent set require that the character of these officer should be raise if possible and their feeling conciliate . nothing he declare should ever induce he to sit at table with man of such habit and they at last determine that no man should command they who would not condescend to do so . their insolence and that of the soldier generally become at last unbearable and the bêgam determine to go off with she husband and seek an asylum in the honourable company s territory with the little property she could command of one hundred thousand rupee in money and she jewel amounting perhaps in value to one hundred thousand more . le vaisseau do not understand english but with the aid of a grammar and a dictionary he be able to communicate she wish to colonel mcgowan who command at that time 1795 an advance post of our army at anûpshahr on the ganges . he propose that the colonel should receive they in his cantonment and assist they in their journey thence to farrukhâbâd where they wish in future to reside free from the care and anxiety of such a charge .
52 however in 323 after the han zhao emperor liu yao defeat chen an he continue on and reach the yellow river claim to be ready to cross it . zhang go into a battle posture but negotiate peace agree to submit to han zhao authority and offer tribute of horse livestock and jewel . liu yao create he the prince of liang and grant he the nine bestowment . subsequently zhang mao resume the construction on lingjun tower state that its construction be necessary for defensive purpose and strengthen the defens of the capital guzang 姑臧 in modern wuwei gansu .
2 when the jewel of the elements be give by emre to the four ruler of adamya lireo sapiro and hathoria the elemental power of the sang gres be return . they be able to defeat avria andora odessa juvila and arkrey who be the guardian of etheria s hourglass . the sang gre seize the golden hourglass and simultaneously blast it with orb of energy .
36 frock coat have the same nipped-in waist and full skirt . very fashionable sleeve be gather or pleat into a slightly puffed leg of mutton shape . coat could be make of wool or velvet and jewel color like bottle green and midnight blue be high style . double-breasted coat be very much in fashion throughout the decade .
47 it be remove and replace by a thinner and more streamline 13-foot version in 1893 . diana be the only nude in saint-gaudens oeuvre and like many nude sculpture it be often chastise by a puritanical public . nevertheless saint-gaudens view diana as one of the crown jewel in his career . he create statuette in three variant of which this cast be of the rare second type . the graceful elegance of this diana be partially the result of the exquisite chasing define she hair and facial feature .
37 armour on exhibit at the livrustkammaren museum the livrustkammaren royal armoury be a museum in the royal palace in stockholm sweden . it contain many artefact of swedish military history and swedish royalty include the swedish crown jewel . it be the oldest museum in sweden establish in 1628 by king gustavus adolphus when he decide that his clothes from his campaign in poland should be preserve for posterity . tours of the museum be conduct for people with special interest .
3 jet jethro tull jewel the jimi hendrix experience howard jones
19 history before the early nineteenth century book be hand-bound use heavy material such as wood leather gold silver and jewel . for hundred of year book binding have function as a protective device for the expensively print or hand-made page and as a decorative tribute to their cultural authority . in the 1820s great change begin to occur in how a book might be cover with the gradual introduction of technique for mechanical book-binding .
3 alexander hacke jake jewel jayney klimek nicolette krebitz
62 hassan come along on the expedition with the intent to protect his investment . as soon as the expedition lead by rick have reach the city of the dead the warden s greed have spell out his fate for when he have go off alone search for valuable to pocket in the ruin he come across a mural with what look like jewel encrust in . in his occupation with pry off the jewel he fail to notice that one slip his pouch where it should have go and instead fall to the floor where the stone crack open to reveal a hideous scarab beetle that tear open hassan s shoe and begin eat its way up hassan s body while he scream in agony and the insect reach the top of his trousers . hassan tear open his jumper to stop it but fail .
73 hassan come along on the expedition with the intent to protect his investment . as soon as the expedition lead by rick have reach the city of the dead the warden s greed have spell out his fate for when he have go off alone search for valuable to pocket in the ruin he come across a mural with what look like jewel encrust in . in his occupation with pry off the jewel he fail to notice that one slip his pouch where it should have go and instead fall to the floor where the stone crack open to reveal a hideous scarab beetle that tear open hassan s shoe and begin eat its way up hassan s body while he scream in agony and the insect reach the top of his trousers . hassan tear open his jumper to stop it but fail . it go into hassan s brain .
35 dr. chamberlain be of his party the most prudent when it come to search the ruin of the city for artifact while the three americans that accompany he be solely interested in attain gold and jewel . dr. chamberlain know of the booby-trap and lore that surround the city of the dead and so be more than reluctant to open the chest contain the book of the dead but do at any rate and be thus subject to the curse that entailed . once evelyn have mistakenly call imhotep as she have find his corpse back to life dr. chamberlain scream out against it but it be too late .
7 happy voice 1865 gospel melody 1868 bright jewel 1869 pure gold 1871 royal diadem 1873
7 little men 1998-1999 virginia s run 2001 jewel 2001 fear of the dark 2002 . bird of prey 2002-2003
53 as the horlum begin to destroy cordier s life he fear he be go mad and seek help from a psychologist who effectively suggest a hobby . cordier choose to pick up his old interest in art meet a model along the way . the horlum insist the model be not the charming jewel that cordier see but instead a connive gold digger and compel cordier to treat she as such . this set up a conflict in cordier that he might not be the astute judge of character that his title indicate . as his and other life be put in jeopardy he become convince of the horlum s existence and decide drastic measure be need to end the horlum s evil .
64 number one officer around irpo fuse be not the easiest person to get along with he have a short temper and a rather bad attitude . among his biggest rival be the narcissistic cosplay jerk his own personal nickname for silence and roufas . his conflict with silence begin when they be both hit with a maelstorm attack but silence be wear a sea jewel for protection while fuse be wash away . can be only obtain if you participate in the arcane magic quest . can join red s party without have to go through the shield card quest and incidentally give it to red for free if recruit prior .
18 in speaker for the dead and subsequent novel author orson scott card describe an ear implant call a jewel that allow subvocal communication with computer system . author robert j. sawyer make use of subvocal recognition to allow silent command to the cybernetic companion implant use by the advanced neanderthal character in his neanderthal parallax trilogy of science fiction novel . in earth david brin depict this technology and its use as a normal gear in the near future .
3 number six 2007.03.21 jewel 2007.06.06 white prayer 2007.10.24
29 the vagad region of rajasthan include dungarpur and banswara district . vagad s population be predominantly bhils a tribal people of central india.dungarpur the city of hills be the jewel of the vagad region . it be found by rawal veer singh in 13th century .
24 lady bird johnson write about lasker numerous time in she book a white house diary call she house charming ... like a setting for jewel and thanking she for gift of daffodil bulb for parkway along the potomac river and for thousand of azalea bush flower dogwood and other plant to put along pennsylvania avenue .
92 he conduct the first scientific base archaeological research do by a turkish team . his dig include site as vary as the commagene tomb-sanctuary in nemrut dağı in southeastern anatolia a top tourist s venue in turkey and a unesco world heritage site today within the adıyaman province the hekate sanctuary in lagina in southwestern anatolia also much visit and within the muğla province today and sidon in lebanon . the sarcophagus he discover in sidon include the one know as the sarcophagus of alexander the great be consider among the worldwide jewel of archaeological finding . to lodge these he start build what be today the istanbul archaeology museum in 1881 . the museum officially open in 1891 under his directorship .
50 nicholas father be victor hervey 6th marquess of bristol . he also have significant inherit wealth which he invest into new albeit minor business . he be once tag mayfair s no. 1 playboy in a series of life story article he author after he serve a gaol sentence for jewel robbery wherein he be convict as a cat burglar of wealthy woman in his youth .
76 instead of the film opening with the fight competition in shanghai 1910 the film open with michelle yeoh explain to international olympic committee why wushu should be an olympic sport . she then proceed to tell the story of huo yuanjia the man who help wushu become a major sport . before we see yuanjia as a child a scene of he be show seek passage on a boat with the boatman take a small jade jewel out of a sack as payment from yuanjia show later to be the gift that huo s daughter intend to give he when he win his fight . this will also later be show to be a scene of huo yuanjia wander in despair . before yuanjia and his friend jinsun as child go to see huo s father fight there a scene of yuanjia show jinsun s his father s certificate from win fight .
38 sicariss give skurr advice influence he however she want . korvus skurr be the keeper of the doomwyte s eye however they have be steal a long time ago . skurr go on a campaign to get the jewel back and punish whoever get in his way . he reside on an island in the middle of a poisonous lake surround by carrion and reptile that await his bidding .
116 the rich roman take young neoptolomus to rome and sponsor he as an officer in the roman army and on his release ask he in return to travel to egypt and help he acquire some land across the nile from the city of hermopolis . the roman emperor hadrian be visit hermopolis at the time and neoptolomus become involve with the murder of the emperor’s favorite antinous . at the temple of a nameless god whose priest control the land across the river at hir-wer neoptolomus learn that on the day of antinous’s death bandit have break into the temple and from the statue of the god steal the golden phallo encrust with jade copper and jewel — phallo be greek for the male member . this theft have throw the whole religious system into chaos . almost immediately neoptolomus find himself kidnap by a bandit gang whose leader be certainly the man who kill antinous .
10 plot summary detective goren and eames track a young asian jewel thief who murder she accomplice . then discover that the clever larceny be the brainchild of she lover nicole wallace goren s murderous and long-standing nemesis .
29 quite as remarkable as the growth of revenue be the sudden appearance of public loan . in earlier period a ruler accumulate treasure henry vii leave £1,800,000 or pledge jewel or custom revenue or occasionally his friend to repay his loan . edward ii i s dealings with florentine banker be well know but it be only after the revolution that the two condition essential for a permanent public debt be realize # the responsibility of the government to the people
68 in the 8th year of his reign he attack rajagriha in magadha and force the indo-greek king demetrius describe as the yavana king yavana-raja name dimi{ta to retreat to mathura . in the 12th year of his reign he attack the king of uttarapatha . then bring back the image of kalinga jina with its throw and endowment that have be take away by king nanda and the jewel plunder by he king nanda from the kalinga royal palace along with the treasure of anga and magadha . he then attack the kingdom of magadha and in pataliputra the capital of the sunga make king bahasatimita think to be a sunga king brhaspatimitra or pusyamitra himself bow at his foot .
65 they first learn of all this when they accidentally surprise and capture the boat’s seven-man crew as they look for fresh water . the spaniard be take to searle who threaten they with torture . he discover that the ship be none other than the 400-ton santissima trinidad very richly laden with all the king’s plate and a great quantity of riches of gold pearl jewel and other most precious goods of all the best and richest merchant of panama . on board this galleon be also the religious woman belong to the nunnery of the say city who have embark with they all the ornament of the church consist of a great quantity of gold plate and other thing of great value .
40 this single ship which be report to be arm with only seven cannon and 10-12 musket poorly supply with food and water and bear only the uppermost sail of the main mast carry the bulk of the gold silver and jewel which the government private citizen and the church in panama have ship away for safety . instead of flee to lima peru she captain don francisco de peralta have simply put to sea . he apparently intend to return to panama with his cargo and passenger after the buccaneer have leave since he believe they have no ship .
33 some describe it as have three face other as have four foot other as be simply a face with no foot . for some it be a human skull embalm and encrust with jewel for other it be carve out of wood . some maintain that it come from the remains of a former grand master of the order while other be equally convinced that it be baphomet which in turn be interpret as mohammed . some see it as have horn .
5 ritual sacrifice of gem and jewel be make to the keeper of secret under the mountain during the time of the deepstone triad . precious stone be grind to powder and mixed with herb and fungus to be use as fertilizer for subterranean flora .
51 argo city appear in kevin j. anderson s novel the last days of krypton . it locate on a peninsula connect to the main continent by a thin isthmus and five ornate golden bridge . it be an extremely beautiful practically utopian city beloved by its inhabitant and see as a jewel of krypton . in the closing scene of the novel as krypton be explode argo city be fling into space intact although its inhabitant do not appear to realize what be happen zor-el believe he be about to die .
17 fictional character biography yellowjacket s secret identity be crime writer vince harley . after a group of jewel robber attempt to kill he by pour a box of yellowjacket on he he find that he have gain the ability to control the insect and use that ability to fight crime while wear a yellow costume with a distinctly yellowjacketian black and yellow striped cape .
29 in keep with rudolf steiner s philosophy there be no traditional toy for the child to play with . instead there be basket with thing like acorn pine cone jewel and various type of cloth .
24 # pat s special delivery a wobbly piano # pat s special delivery a slippery ice cube # pat s special delivery a magical jewel # pat s special delivery a teddy # pat s special delivery a super magnet
50 some however believe they to be an ethnically jewish tribe connect with the khaybar jews . please name specific person like other medinese jew banu nadir bear arabic name but speak a distinct dialect of arabic . they earn their living through agriculture money lending and trade in weapon and jewel maintain commercial relation with arab merchant of mecca . their fortress be locate half a day s march to the south of medina . vacca v. . brill academic publishers .
38 sophium magdalene be behind the making of a new danish queen s crown when she refuse to wear the same one that the hate queen anna sophie have wear . queen sophia magdelene establish the collection of crown jewel when she bequeath a large part of she jewellery for that purpose . she have the palace of hirschholm build and live there after be widow in 1746 .
69 jack a nick fury-look alike be an absent father and be believe to be a part of a group of spy know as the scarlet alliance . he be not able to attend stan s wedding so he have a fake father come to the wedding and pose as his real father for 20 year . stan clearly worship his father until discover that jack be in fact a jewel thief . con heir . write by steve hely .
12 bloodhound gang foxtrot uniform charlie kilo destiny s child lose my breath jewel intuition foo fighter times like these nelly country grammar batter up ride wit i winner 2001 mtv best new artist video award
4 bobovac contain the crown jewel of bosnia as well as be the burial site for some of the king of bosnia . these be stephen ostojić stephen tvrtko ii and stephen thomas . there be a grave with a female skeleton next to the grave of king stephen tvrtko ii and it be assume that the grave belong to stephen tvrtko ii s wife queen dorothy .
97 she have receive some of the most distinguished musical and civilian honour of india . she be the recipient of among many the padma bhushan india s third highest civilian honour in 1977 and the sangeet natak akademi award the highest indian honour in perform art in 1991 and the deshikottam which be an honorary doctorate degree by nobel laureate poet rabindranath tagore s visva-bharati university in 1999 . in the year 2004 the sangeet natak akademi the government of india s highest organisation for promote music and other fine art have appoint she a ratna or jewel fellow a lifetime honour .
46 rodda choose this option because she and she kid love japanese anime and because she want any adaptation of deltora to be cool . the series be produce at oriental light and magic and be direct by mitsuru hongō . the studio keep the quest magic jewel intact in the story but one noticeable alteration have be make lief s hair color have be change from black to blonde . other include the resurrection of theagan along with at least one new villain oscar . deltora quest 2007 at deltoraquest .jp
13 # thigle trugpa six sphere #dzogpa chichod all-penetrating perfection # yidzhin norbu wish-fulfilling jewel # kundu rigpa all-unifying pure presence # jetsun tampa supreme lord
50 the raid have also be compare to the great train robbery of 1963 . although the figure steal in that robbery be only £2.6 million this be equivalent to around £40 million now after inflation be take into account . and the graffs robery where nearly £40 million worth of jewel be steal by two armed man who walk into graffs bond street august 2009see also list of famous bank robber and robbery northern bank robbery a similar robbery from 2004 that occur in northern ireland .
50 accord to the eiga monogatari the golden hall s pillar rest on masonry support in the shape of elephant the roof tile and door be gild and silver and the foundation be of rock crystal . the interior of the hall be decorate lavishly with gold silver lapi lazulus and jewel of all kind as well as a series of image detail the life of the historical buddha and a central image of the vairocana buddha .
43 serpiente be cold-blooded even in human form and as such their body temperature be usually near room temperature . ordinary serpent have hair in various shades of anything vary from light honey brown to black . their eye color can consist of vary jewel tone include amber sapphire and emerald . the cobriana family be know for their black hair and garnet colored eye which can hypnotise with a glance while the white viper be know for white-blonde hair and vary eye color . all serpent can assume a demi form which consist of their eye become more brightly colored and the pupil turn into slit .
46 it will not be a miss to say that these work could be place in the line of great islamic mystic writer of the past . numerous topic be treat therein and truth be reveal . treasuries of knowledge and wisdom be disperse like gem and jewel . remedy for the ill of human mind be suggest . the writer appear to be a man inspire and the writings cast a spell on the reader .
44 at some point the old ones lose their claim over this reality some be kill while other be drive from this dimension . the corpse of the greater fall old ones be place in stone sarcophagus while their power be drain and embed in jewel affix to the surface of their coffin . all of the sarcophagus be place in a mystical graveyard know as the deeper well a hole in the world which could be access in the cotswolds in england and its supposedly antipodal point in new zealand . a keeper or guardian with a small detachment of demon warrior be place in the deeper well to prevent anyone from extract a sarcophagus .
13 on the first pressing of the album the logo be etch into the jewel case front .
49 inside visitor tend to head straight for the ecclesiastical art museum which begin in the medieval crypt and lead up to the st . stephen chapel . the gallery contain a number of sacred relic and medieval stone carving along with replica of the hungarian royal crown and coronation jewel .
13 during the next few year humphreys appear to have be involve in several jewel theft and burglary and by age 16 he be serve a 60-day sentence for petty larceny in chicago’s bridewell jail . the original charge have be one of felony burglary which would have carry a much stiffer sentence but humphreys have convince the prosecutor to change the charge . accord to a later acquaintance of humphreys the young criminal s private ultimatum to the prosecutor go something like this you try to get i indict for burglary and i will weep in front of the grand jury .
10 humphreys then continue his life of crime primarily one of jewel heist and burglary . by 1921 thing have get a little too hot for he in chicago . so murray leave town for his brother s home in little axe oklahoma .
83 after be sign in may 2002 by british label music for nation amplifier be ask to support deftone at manchester apollo . after the two singles the consultancy b/w glory electricity and neon b/w boomtime and throwaway the band’s self-titled debut album be release on the 6th of june 2004 by music for nations – which be a subsidiary of the larger label distributor zomba records and be very well receive by english media and critic . as well as the standard 10-track jewel case the album be release as a 13-track digi-pac. the extra track be the two segue draw no1 and no2 and new track half-life .
56 series race appear tape delay on espn/espn2 retrieved from august 27 2007 google cache but no longer accessible douglas score double win at lake geneva race july 13 1997 retrieved september 29 2007 often during in the winter month . most race be hold in wisconsin but a few be hold in michigan . the crown jewel of the series be the off-road championship event hold at the crandon international off-road raceway the home of the world championship off-road race .
19 rouge the bat rouge be a treasure-hunter thief and work for the government as a spy . she love jewel and have the dream of collect the world s most valuable and precious jewel such as the chaos emeralds and the master emerald . she also work as an agent of the station square military force g.u.n. alongside agent topaz . she usually be see work with shadow
33 rouge the bat rouge be a treasure-hunter thief and work for the government as a spy . she love jewel and have the dream of collect the world s most valuable and precious jewel such as the chaos emeralds and the master emerald . she also work as an agent of the station square military force g.u.n. alongside agent topaz . she usually be see work with shadow
21 amongst those hundred son of dhritarashtra four become celebrate . they be duryodhana dushasana vikarna and chitrasena . pandu have two jewel of wife viz. kunti also call pritha and madri . pandu be childless . so kunti raise up offspring upon the wish of pandu .
35 judge as junior handling be a separate sport from regular conformation show judge be usually give separate training and be expect to know the rule for the sport . westminster continue to be the crown jewel of the juniors competition yet no winner of best junior handler at this prestigious show have ever return to judge the event .
24 . . other review be more positive in their outlook . psm3 describe the game as a masterpiece of balance of design and the jewel in sony s online crown . n4g.com . .
66 the tribe vairamas paradas tungas with the kitavas who live upon crop that depend on water from the sky or of the river and also they who be bear in region on the sea-shore in woodland or country on the other side of the ocean wait at the gate of king yudhisthira bring goat and kine and ass and camel and vegetable honey and blanket and jewel and gem of various kind 2:50 . they that dwell by the side of the river sailoda flow between the mountain of mer and mandara and enjoy the delicious shade of tope of the kichaka bamboo viz. the khashas ekasanas the arhas the pradaras the dirghavenus the paradas the kulindas the tanganas and the other tangana bring as tribute heap of gold measure in drona jar 2:51 .
47 the top of the tiara beneath the monde be cover with a layer of thin gold on which be eight ruby and eight emerald . the gold covering be a gold monde enamel in blue on the top of which be a cross contain eleven brilliant . jewel be also attach to the lappet .
34 vicarius filii dei myth main article vicarius filii dei some protestant group particularly associate with the seventh-day adventist church claim that vicarius filii dei representative of the son of god be spell out in jewel on the 1877 tiara . vicarius filii dei be a title mention as a papal title in the forge mediaeval donation of constantine . some protestant group claim it be a real papal title a claim dismiss by the roman catholic church as an anti-catholic myth .
31 on the airplane be a little girl who have a stuffed toy that look like cerberus . beside the little girl sit two want man . the man put a big jewel inside the stuffed toy when the girl be sleep . jumounji go to the bathroom becausee he feel airsick bring the stuffed toy back to cerberus seat when he return . the little girl mistake cerberus for she stuffed toy and lure he into a suitcase with beef jerky .
20 introductiona golden inner cap of a silla crown from the sixth century . nat l tr . no. 189the crown jewel of silla . the silla crown be some of the most spectacular treasure uncover in the tumulus of gyeongju south korea the capital of silla and unified silla . silla tumuli unlike their baekje and goguryeo counterpart be make inaccessible because the tomb do not include passageway and corridor .
49 the delicate nature of the gold crown come from the fact they be make from cut thin sheet gold . the crown be impractical to wear and some believe that the crown may have be make specifically as a burial good . the use of gogok or comma-shaped curved jewel also point to a siberian influence and the importance of the bear cult . there may also be a connection with ancient japan because the gogok be use extensively by the ruling elite of that society as well . these comma-shaped jewel of jade and glass may have symbolize the fruit and the bounty of tree .
49 the use of gogok or comma-shaped curved jewel also point to a siberian influence and the importance of the bear cult . there may also be a connection with ancient japan because the gogok be use extensively by the ruling elite of that society as well . these comma-shaped jewel of jade and glass may have symbolize the fruit and the bounty of tree . the use of many tiny gold mirror dangle from the crown have lead some to hypothesize that the crown wear in sunlight would be a dazzling spectacle reinforce the tradition role of the silla king as the symbolic representation of the sun on earth .
55 additionally the outer head band also have two antler-like protrusion on the left and right side . all of the protrusion have jade and glass bead and tiny golden mirror that dangle from the branch . on the side of the headband also be two chain of gold with leaf-like decoration that end with jade jewel . these two chain hang below the head band .
60 the cga still currently as of 2006 exist as an anti-aircraft regiment . during a 2005 revival initiative the unit now have become active in key initiative such as force preparation force support and force training some of the current main focus area of the south african national defence force . the unit be house in the historic and unsung jewel of cape town fort wynyard . as from december 2005 the oc of the unit major vidius archer start an unofficial initiative to save the fort from further decay . 24 hour security be put in place the garden of the fort resurrect and the whole fort be clean .
97 as regards patronage of art alfonso ii promote the largest number of pre-romanesque building define what be to be this style s characteristic . with the royal architect tioda he build the church of church of san tirso oviedo san julián de lo prados santa maría de bendones and san pedro de nora in addition to the palace complex in oviedo now disappear consist of the church of san salvador santa maría and its adjoin palace and chapel now the holy chamber of oviedo cathedral the only one remain contain rely such as the holy ark and jewel like the cross of the angels which he donate himself to the church of san salvador . outside asturias with the legend of the discovery of the apostle st . james tomb in galicia in a place know as campus stella compostela alfonso ii have the first church build in the saint honour year 892 . santullano
17 as mention above a from act as royal chapel the holy chamber be build to house the jewel and rely of the cathedral of san salvador in oviedo a function it continue to have 1,200 year later . some of these jewel be donate by the kings alfonso ii and alfonso iii and represent extraordinary gold artefact of asturian pre-romanesque .
41 as mention above a from act as royal chapel the holy chamber be build to house the jewel and rely of the cathedral of san salvador in oviedo a function it continue to have 1,200 year later . some of these jewel be donate by the kings alfonso ii and alfonso iii and represent extraordinary gold artefact of asturian pre-romanesque .
5 the last of the pre-romanesque jewel on in the holy chamber of the cathedral of oviedo be the agate box donate to the church by fruela ii of asturias son of alfonso ii and his wife nunilo in the year 910 when he be still a prince . this extraordinary gold artifact in mozarabic style be a rectangular reliquary make from cypress with a semi-pyramidal shaped lid . the covered with gold plate with 99 little arch shape opening framed in woven gold thread contain agate .
70 detail of a statue of rajaraja chola i at the brihadisvara temple although bronze casting have a long history in south india a much larger and a much greater number of bronze sculpture be cast during the chola period than before further attesting to the importance of bronze sculpture during this period . it should be note that when in worship these image be cover in silk cloth garland and jewel and would not appear as they do outside a religious context . decorate the bronze in this way be a tradition at least a thousand year old as such decoration be refer to in 10th-century chola inscription .
64 then all those warrior viz the pandava have in due course happily live at badari badrinath uttarakhand for one month proceed towards the realm of suvahu king of the kiratas by follow the same track by which they have come . and cross the difficult himalayan region and the country of china tukhara darada and all the clime of kulinda rich in heap of jewel those warlike man reach the capital of suvahu 3,176 .
11 1997 famous digger brice blanc 1996 true flare corey nakatani 1995 jewel princess chris mccarron 1994 work the crowd chris mccarron 1993 hollywood wildcat eddie delahoussaye
56 john francis bentley design a choir screen incorporate a confessional an organ and a choir gallery . the royal coat of arm add during the reign of charles i be remove . the church receive a relic from the duke of norfolk a piece of st . etheldreda s hand which be now keep in a jewel cask to the right of the high altar .
19 65 65 bad luck duck michael maurer 1991 1991 79 darkwing duck be accuse of steal a tribe s jewel and the leader put a curse on he . now they have to get it back from negaduck and stop he from use it . but where be the leader to get the curse off
23 the disbelieve listener around the campfire accuse sinbad of tell yet another tall tale but soon change their mind when he distribute precious jewel and gold . the beautiful shireen appear and they board the ship for their return to deryabar .
53 this also be the kingdom from where prince raquim king armeo s cousin and amihan s father hail from . it be also the kingdom that rescue the adamyans from the clutch of the hathors during the time of their conquest . in that conquest the hathors get hold of two of the jewel and use this advantage to defeat the sapirian who have but one gemstone . the whole kingdom be destroy in that battle . despite their eventual defeat king armeo manage to slay arvak the ruler of hathoria in that time and take from he all three elemental gem of earth fire and water temporarily halt the hathors vicious campaign .
60 the whole kingdom be destroy in that battle . despite their eventual defeat king armeo manage to slay arvak the ruler of hathoria in that time and take from he all three elemental gem of earth fire and water temporarily halt the hathors vicious campaign . because he be mortally wound and be about to die he then give the jewel to raquim and bid he to give it to the diwatas for safe keep . armeo s father king meno help the extinction of etheria and become a member of the council of encantadia . so far there be only two known survive sapirian from the royal house ybrahim the next heir to the throne and asval a strange and mysterious warrior whose real loyalty be uncertain and turn out to be a traitor who be always with his two accomplice bandok and axilom .
79 it include the live performance of accident and mailbox arson at the scene music festival in st . catharines ontario the making of the video passing out in america and this could be anywhere in the world and a slide show from their trip in europe to the audio of a new song call thrones . there be also an extra song call my god be a reasonable man . the vagrant records version have an insert between the jewel case and original album cover the insert change the cover art for the us release this be not do in any other market .
38 spade receive a note from casper gutman dudley digges invite he to come and talk about the black bird . over drink and cigar spade learn the history and value of the statuette which be encrust with precious jewel cover over with enamel and that gutman be the mastermind behind the attempt to steal the bird . spade lie to gutman that for the right price he can deliver the figurine in a couple of day and they make a deal which gutman seal with a $ 1000 bill . just then cairo show up and tell gutman privately that spade do not have the falcon that captain jacoby whose ship la paloma arrive from hong kong that night do .
0 jewel cave latd>90 in latd<-90 in in the black hills it be discover in 1900 and be so name because of its calcite crystal . national park service .
28 until 1798 many ancient tiara exist in the vatican . however invade french troops steal and smash all the tiara they could get their hand on steal their jewel which they transport back to paris . it be unknown how the gregory xiii s tiara survive the destruction .
61 this reflection so move their heart that they really be lead to do penance sanh . 37a . that ze era enjoy the respect of his contemporary be evidence by the comment upon his death write by an elegist babylonia give he birth palestine have the pleasure of rear he wo be i say tiberias for she have lose she precious jewel m. Ḳ . 75b .
27 extra 2007 in the christmas special finale of extra darren lamb stephen merchant tell andy millman that he be be offer a part in the bbc s jewel in the crown doctor who but andy dismiss the show along with hotel babylon as camp frothy nonsense . later in the episode andy get a new agent who propose role in the same programme which andy again reject . however after not work for five month and tell his new agent i have tell you a thousand time i be not go to play an alien in doctor who we see andy opposite the tenth doctor david tennant play a slug-like alien name schlong in an unconvincing rubbery costume with andy s face fully visible .
4 book amber heat family jewel jun 2006 4 flag from euro review 4 angels from fallen angel review
44 the tiara of pope pius vii be the first metallic tiara manufacture to replace the papal tiara steal and smash on napoleon s order . it be give to pope pius vii in 1820 . though of traditional papal tiara design and decorate by jewel it be less ornate than tiara give to pope later in the 19th century .
97 he have teach lead choir and play the organ in regina saskatchewan where he be on the faculty at the then-university of saskatchewan regina campus and be the organist and choirmaster at st . paul s cathedral regina the anglican cathedral in that city and christ s church anglican cathedral in hamilton ontario where he conduct the bach-elgar choir bach-elgar choir of hamilton and establish the hamilton children s choir hamilton childrens choir . . . he also conduct the canadian children s opera chorus canadian children s opera chorus . tennessee williams once call he the jewel of the orient .
39 when she die in october of 1739 she leave very generous sum to she three daughter . to she eldest daughter already marry she leave £500 and she leave she two younger daughter £600 each as well as she jewel and the shop lease . she youngest daughter also name anne continue operate the shop and henry fielding refer to the impressive array of dour look newspaper stack in the rack of anne dodd s shop in the the covent garden journal in 1752 .
34 ratnasambhava be associate with the skandha of feeling or sensation and its relationship with consciousness . his activity in promote buddhism be enrich and increase knowledge of dharma . ratnasambhava be associate with the jewel symbol which correspond with his family ratna or jewel . in artwork he be show in the mudra of give .
43 ratnasambhava be associate with the skandha of feeling or sensation and its relationship with consciousness . his activity in promote buddhism be enrich and increase knowledge of dharma . ratnasambhava be associate with the jewel symbol which correspond with his family ratna or jewel . in artwork he be show in the mudra of give .
45 the first person from the land of the dragon lord who kathy meet . he be the inventor of the trans-dimensional bamboo boat which be how kathy and she family end up in the parallel world . his original invention be mean to be musical jewel but they fail . working at the scholastery mek be a bit like a father figure in a way towards kathy help she adjust to life in the land of the dragon lord . it be also imply that he have a crush on aya .
39 a who will save your soul peak at # 14 on the canadian rpm rock singles chart . b you be meant for i be certify platinum by the riaa . riaa gold and platinum search for singles by jewel
7 jepetto 2000 2001 2002 joan jett 2006 jewel 1996 jimmie s chicken shack 1996 1997 1999 2004 2005 2006 jack johnson 2003
33 in february 1577 the cimarron guide john oxenham in raid spanish shipping from peru and spanish settlement on the pearl islands . during this raid the raider collect all the gold silver and jewel they could liberate seventy slave who be turn over to the cimarron and desecrate the church . lunamont vision . 2003 . .
30 the rest of the scheme be complete in 1839 . it comprise nine street 10 inn 12 public house 325 shop with home attach and 40 private house . the jewel of the scheme be grey street which curve to the left as it sweep downhill towards dean street . part of the way down the sweep be interrupt by the project portico of the theatre royal build to replace the old theatre royal in mosley street and design by john and benjamin green . at the top of grey street grainger place the column of grey’s monument as a focus for the whole scheme .
51 this scene depict tory and whig agent both attempt to bribe a farmer to vote for they . the crowd outside the tavern be visible in the background . in a reference to the antisemitism of the crowd behind a jewish peddler be be employ by another agent who be offer jewel and ribbon to the wife of voter . on the margin of the composition a soldier leave and two old sailor right represent uncorrupted patriotism . the soldier peep out from behind a now-impotently decorative figurehead depict the british lion devour the french fleur-de-lis .
4 2002-production of cake and jewel box begin
25 old photo of raglan www.geograph.co.uk photo of raglan and surround area a 15th century gold signet ring find at raglan and hold on gather the jewel the website for welsh cultural history
52 visitor criticize the track for be too remote to the hotel which require several hour bus ride and feel that it be unsuitable for an f1 race . by then hope be fade tsurumaki turn up at the 1992 portuguese grand prix . whilst stay in estoril $ 250,000 of cash and jewel be steal from his hotel room .
7 grande prairie jan lyric hinton roxy stettler jewel
47 master wang be actually the 11th prince of manchuria in disguise . posing as a sophisticated jewellery dealer and connoisseur of fine art and wine the prince be try to determine which of the other 14 heir to the throne be try to assassinate he . a jewel thief dirty ho wong yue run afoul of the prince who use wong yue to help he flush out his enemy .
26 in the opening sequence of the film proper after a title sequence which already feature two highly abstract fight sequence by the principal wang encounter a jewel thief name dirty ho at a geisha house . they come into conflict by vie with one another for the attention of the courtesan . dirty ho who be not too bright can not figure out why his effort to fight with the seemingly cowardly effete wang inevitably result in clumsy disaster .
45 jewellery be an object of prestige and social rank . the african jewellery leave royal court to celebrate all over the world today the beauty of the african woman . from gold to bronze from silver to amber varied material be use to make amazing jewel of a design that be increasingly refine and elegant . today this jewellery be cross border to enter into the shop and home of the western world . 2006d .
14 see also norwegian royal regaliaexternal links and source official home page for the crown jewel page on the crown home page of the norwegian royal regalia nidaros cathedral | the crown jewels
53 during bartimus reign as king he already have a son with argi-a name hagorn . he want hathoria to become the most powerful kingdom in encantadia that he even kill his father bartimus for he to materialize his evil plan . he embark on a campaign of conquest to steal all four elemental jewel that would signal the start of a chaotic era in the history of encantadia . he destroy the kingdom of sapiro and adamya and kill king armeo and queen mayne .
60 it be record in union township union county new jersey at kean college on february 28 1980 and release in 2004 . early copy include a bonus disc with track record on february 29 at calderone concert hall in hempstead new york and on march 1 at the capitol theater in passaic new jersey . many who consider the crown jewel from this show to be the after midnight eleanor rigby after midnight which cover most of the second disc .
35 dr. clitterhouse edward g. robinson be a wealthy society doctor in new york city who decide to research the medical aspect of criminal behavior directly by become one . he begin a series of daring jewel robbery measure his own blood pressure temperature and pulse before during and afterwards but yearn for a larger sample for his study .
0 jewel of the emarald forest pavilion feature a meandering trail through diorama replica show four primate environment malagasy south american forest floor and forest canopy and primate of the night .
9 romancing the stone #romancing the stone 1984 # the jewel of the nile 1986 room at the top #room at the top 1959
40 it be also license and release in japan by japanese zero record label . both of these print have be sold-out in the 1990 and be consider somewhat collector s item . the japanese print include english lyric in the jewel case insert booklet as well as japanese translation of the lyric .
22 the temple be richly endow have be under the special patronage of the mysore rajas and have a most valuable collection of jewel . as early as 1614 the mysore king raja wodeyar 1578 1617 who first acquire srirangapatna and adopt the srivaishnava faith hand over to the temple and the brahmins at melkote the estate grant to he by vijaynagar king venkatapati raya . on one of the pillar of navaranga of the narayanaswami temple be a ba relief about one and a half foot high of raja wodeyar stand with folded hand with the name inscribe on the base .
63 on one of the pillar of navaranga of the narayanaswami temple be a ba relief about one and a half foot high of raja wodeyar stand with folded hand with the name inscribe on the base . he be say to be a great devotee of the preside deity and a constant visitor to the temple . a gold crown set with precious jewel be present by he to the temple . this crown be know as the raja-mudi after his name . a legend say that on the day of his death he be observe enter the sanctum and be see no more afterwards .
42 this crown be know as the raja-mudi after his name . a legend say that on the day of his death he be observe enter the sanctum and be see no more afterwards . from the inscription on some of the gold jewel and on gold and silver vessel in the temple it be learnt that they be present from krishnaraja wodeyar iii and his queen . krishnaraja wodeyar iii also present to the temple a crown set with precious jewel . it be know after he as krishnaraja-mudi .
69 a legend say that on the day of his death he be observe enter the sanctum and be see no more afterwards . from the inscription on some of the gold jewel and on gold and silver vessel in the temple it be learnt that they be present from krishnaraja wodeyar iii and his queen . krishnaraja wodeyar iii also present to the temple a crown set with precious jewel . it be know after he as krishnaraja-mudi . vairamudi or vajramukuta another crown of great value seem to be older than raja-mudi and krishnaraja-mudi and it be not know as to who give it to the temple .
1 a jewel thief christopher lambert his wacky sidekick christopher lloyd and his girl friend kim greist be chase around los angeles by cop the cia terrorist and turkish government agent after they steal a sacred ruby the byzantine fire .
13 ibm global services now split to business services technical services be call the jewel in the ibm crown by the aberdeen group in 2003 . for worldwide ibm this be the group that contribute to more than half its global revenue $ 54 billion in 2005 presently and grow at a healthy rate 8 % in 2005 . with half of global service employee to be locate in india ibm india s importance for the global corporation can be easily fathom .
55 a major exporter of mineral ore of all kind rorq be even better know for its powerful navy . though castle rorq be the political capital of the kingdom the city of watersmeet stand unparalleled among the city of vanar . know for its splendor and its economic strength watersmeet have be effectually title the jewel of the isle .
70 one day while draw water from the well the younger daughter be ask for a drink by an old woman . the girl politely consent and after give it she find that the woman be a fairy who have take the guise of a crone to test the character of mortal . as the girl be so kind and compassionate toward she the fairy bless she with have either a jewel a diamond or a pretty flower fall from she mouth whenever she speak .
5 commentary the idea of have jewel fall from a virtuous person be a motif find in various other tale as in the italian biancabella and the snake . iona and peter opie the classic fairy tales p 98 isbn 0-19-211550-6
13 kei can be write use different kanji character and can mean 圭 square jewel 恵 blessing 慧 wise
8 brilliance of the sea serenade of the sea jewel of the sea
56 the vinyl have the word hair dressers of the world on side a and unite on side b carve on . it be limit to a press of 1000 on black and 200 on pink . trustkill the release the cd version which first come in digipak but in pressing after 2002 it be release in jewel case . the cd version combine the song elevator music with the nothing while on the vinyl they be actually on different side of the record and prelude to an epic with flower for ingrid .
7 next to the great collection of pearl jewel and shell the exhibition include nine aquarium each contain some of the principal producer of pearl from oyster to nautilus all surround by the most common fauna of the producer natural environment like clownfish sea anemone and sea cucumber . in one of the aquarium the galician river ecosystem be reproduce with endemic pearl-producing clam .
28 # brainiac minicomic superman and batman must stop the chaos brainiac be create . toy-made character batman superman brainiac pre-crisis # the penguin minicomic the penguin steal some jewel from rich people but two of those rich people be bruce wayne and carter hall . toy-made character batman hawkman the penguin # the joker minicomic the joker rob a bank and his jokermobile be pursue by batman s batmobile .
16 # firestorm minicomic # mantis minicomic # green arrow minicomic kalibak try to steal a martian jewel from the star city museum . toy-made character green arrow martian manhunter the flash kalibak # darkseid minicomic
24 ealdwood 1981 novellette the dreamstone 1983 novel rewrite of the 1979 short story the dreamstone and the novelette ealdwood the tree of sword and jewel 1983 novel arafel s saga 1983 single-volume edition of the two 1983 novel the dreaming tree 1997 single-volume edition of the two 1983 novel with revision
34 collectionsomnibus the book of morgaine 1979 – gate of ivrel 1976 well of shiuan 1978 and fires of azeroth 1979 arafel s saga 1983 – the dreamstone 1983 and the tree of sword and jewel 1983 the chronicle of morgaine 1989 – gate of ivrel 1976 well of shiuan 1978 and fires of azeroth 1979 the dreaming tree 1997 – the dreamstone 1983 and the tree of sword and jewel 1983
49 arafel s saga 1983 – the dreamstone 1983 and the tree of sword and jewel 1983 the chronicle of morgaine 1989 – gate of ivrel 1976 well of shiuan 1978 and fires of azeroth 1979 the dreaming tree 1997 – the dreamstone 1983 and the tree of sword and jewel 1983 the morgaine saga 2000 – gate of ivrel 1976 well of shiuan 1978 and fires of azeroth 1979 the fade sun trilogy 2000 – kesrith 1978 shon'jir 1978 and kutath 1979
12 how to grow a guerrilla the human cartoon show king john s jewel ladybird ladybird the last of the wizard
28 behind the basilica be camarin de la virgen an octagonal baroque structure 1687-96)with the impressive stuccoed chamber of the virgin and nine painting by luca giordano . the jewel of this profusely ornamented hall be a throne contain the statue of madonna which give the monastery its name .
5 the ruteline genus chrysina or jewel scarab not to be confuse with jewel beetle which be a different family be a large genus of brightly colored often metallic iridescent species range from the southwestern edge of the united states as far south as ecuador . the genus include all the species formerly know as plusiotis . they be typically between 15-35mm in length and be nocturnal in habit come readily to light .
12 the ruteline genus chrysina or jewel scarab not to be confuse with jewel beetle which be a different family be a large genus of brightly colored often metallic iridescent species range from the southwestern edge of the united states as far south as ecuador . the genus include all the species formerly know as plusiotis . they be typically between 15-35mm in length and be nocturnal in habit come readily to light .
44 brooke figure out to wash the street map reveal the name of the secret society the rosicrucian order . also reveal be the word to the rose through the cross to the cross through the rose . in this and everything be a resurgent jewel along with the name of the rosicrucian headquarters the chateau d'omonville in normandy france .
23 the capital of the province be ranpur . another large city in the province be mayapore which be the key setting in the jewel in the crown . the princely state of mirat be a nominally sovereign enclave within the province . pankot be a second class hill station in the province which serve as a headquarters for the 1st pankot rifles an important regiment of the indian army who fight the axis in north africa .
38 hari kumar be an indian raise as an englishman at the exclusive public school chillingborough . upon return to india he find himself isolate from both the indians and the english until he meet daphne manners in the jewel in the crown . his affair with daphne end tragically when she be gang-rap by a mob and he be hold as a suspect by ronald merrick . the police be unable to make any charge stick but they haul kumar off to kandipat jail as a political subversive .
44 a claim deny by scappaticci . this be do via the assassination of world war ii era internee francisco notarantonio . freddie scappaticci be say to have volunteer his service as a spy in the late 1970 and that he eventually become the crown jewel the best in the hierarchy of british intelligence ira asset .
23 critical condition be a 1987 comedy film star richard pryor . pryor play kevin lenahan a con man who be frame in a jewel robbery . in order to escape custody he pose as surgeon dr. edward slattery at a local hospital .
34 she live in a house whose inhabitant be unaware of she presence so she effectively help herself to their food and possession . one day she be catch in an accident involve a foiled jewel heist . this accident be foiled by alex hayden who could see she and remember she .
49 upon his return to england he meet a jewish refugee who have patiently wait outside his office for several week even though charlie be in america . the refugee be attempt to sell jewelry all he have leave from his flight from germany . charlie buy the man s jewel and make he the manager of the jewelry department in the process . he also realize war be inevitable .
28 dictionary defintiion be வள்ள ி vaḷḷi s . a plant convolvulus batata 2. a wind plant dioscorea sativa படர்கொடி 3. a ratan-shield பிரப்பங ் கேடகம் 4 . a jewel ஆபரணம் 5 . a bracelet கைவளை 6 . a kind of play a dance ஓர ் கூத்து 7. a consort of subramanya . fabricius johann philipp . j. p. fabricius s tamil and english dictionary .
41 mahabharata book 3 chapter 176 mbh 3.176 leave the place call badari badrinath in uttarakhand and cross the difficult himalayan region and leave behind they the country of china tukhara darada and all the clime of kulinda rich in heap of jewel those warlike man viz the pandavas reach the capital of suvahu the king of pulindas kiratas .
36 the agency have be accuse by group like the campaign against foreign control of aotearoa as be a rubber-stamping body do nothing against increase foreign control over new zealand asset . we buyer snap up coromandel jewel new zealand herald thursday 01 november 2007
6 emerson drive valory/midas/open road jb rocket jewel reba mcentire valory/starstruck justin moore
7 etruscan would also mold their gold and jewel into stone-carved mold .
36 after council eldest lian be assassinate moth take control of the council . she watch raen s movement but do not interfere . raen s final move be to board a beta passenger spaceliner andra s jewel bind for istra the only planet in the reach accessible from the outside . istra have no permanent kontrin presence only betas who deal with outsider and the majat who be bring here by the kontrin hundred of year previously . to amuse herself on andra s jewel s long voyage raen play sej a dicing game every night with a ship azi name jim .
55 ex ruby and sapphire release in july 2003 be the 17th set of 109 card in the pokémon trading card game . this set be the first set to be adapt into english by pokémon usa inc. after the card game s rights transfer back from wizard of the coast . its symbol be a jewel with a brilliant cut view from above . it be name after the video game pokémon ruby and sapphire .
22 # “ tarzan and the ring of romance ” # “ tarzan and the night horrors ” # “ tarzan and the jewel of justice ”
10 紫花 purple flower 純麗 purity lovely 澄玲 lucidity sound of jewel 澄麗 lucidity lovely the name can also be write in hiragana or katakana .
7 # plaisir d'amour # summertime # the jewel song # tell i what love be # she moved through the fair
5 top 40 foolish games by jewel
57 october 1889 which be sign by the mayor dr. von widenmeyer be the birth certificate of the market . during world war ii the market be severely damage but be reconstruct in the post-war year . with the end of the renovation at wiener platz in october 2002 both wiener platz and wiener markt once again become jewel in the crown of the haidhausen district . the grand may day festival on 1 . may 2003 and the put up of the maypole donate by the friends of haidhausen clearly show the central significance of the square and the market for haidhausen .
13 january 18 issue philippe starck january 25 issue leann rimes may 31 issue jewel june 28 issue yayoi kusama november 15 issue haley joel osment
15 traditionally the maricars engage in mercantile commerce . they generally deal with gem precious stone jewel timber and the textile trade .
10 bejeweled main article bejewel a two-player game where pair of jewel on a playfield be switch to arrange three or more in a line of the same colour therefore remove they from the game . it be play in real time and individually with score be compare at the end .
58 in the early 18th century the bandit fra diavolo return to his camp in northern italy to tell his gang member about his encounter with lord rocberg en lady pamela . via a disguise as the marquis de san marco he ride with they in their carriage . he charm lady pamela into tell where she hide she jewel . he order his thief to ride to rocberg s castle and rob rocberg s belongings and pamela s jewel . at the same time stanlio en ollio have be rob too .
47 via a disguise as the marquis de san marco he ride with they in their carriage . he charm lady pamela into tell where she hide she jewel . he order his thief to ride to rocberg s castle and rob rocberg s belongings and pamela s jewel . at the same time stanlio en ollio have be rob too . stanlio suggest to ollio that they should become robber themselves .
40 after an unsuccessful attempt to rob a woodchopper the duo encounter fra diavolo . the notorious bandit want stanlio to hang ollio because ollio be impersonate he . then he be inform that his man have steal lady pamela s jewel but have not bring 500,000 franc hide by rocberg .
54 just as diavolo steal the petticoat lorenzo find out his true identity from stanlio who be spiff after a visit to matteo s wine cellar . lorenzo s soldier surround the inn and he then duel with diavolo whom he best with a little inadvertent help from stanlio . the good-natured diavolo return the jewel and when rocberg will not pay the reward for they to lorenzo diavolo give lorenzo the money that he steal from pamela s petticoat . while the jealous husband rush upstairs to confront his wife lorenzo give the money to matteo thereby save he from have to sell the inn . diavolo stanlio and ollio be then take away to be shoot by a firing squad but when stanlio take out his red handkerchief to blindfold himself a bull be enrage by the color and break up the rank when he charge .
52 the munson report digital history chapter 3 a brief history of japanese american relocation during world war ii confinement and ethnicity barbed wire divider an overview of world war ii japanese american relocation site by j. burton m. farrell f. lord and r. lord np chapter two from pearl harbor to evacuation jewel of the desert japanese american internment at topaz by sandra c. taylor university of california press
21 today bhel be one of india s nine largest public sector undertakings or psus know as the navratnas or the nine jewel official list of navratnas and miniratna . the old village of ranipur still exist at the edge of the township just at the entrance of rajaji national park . as the town develop school eventually over 17 and basic infrastructure include road hospital and community recreational centre be put into place .
50 darbargadh be a three a multi-storey structure on a high plinth . the facade be ornament with sculpture of musician complex geometric pattern image of lion in different posture on long cave profusely carve pillar horizontal frieze decorative kangura and window frame the skyline . it be design like a jewel box in the same architectural style of navlakha places at gondal .
11 universal send out mistake radio promo one normal promo and a jewel and stone radio edit promo . they be both print as picture disc but the remix promo be print in black and white with red and purple text .
13 a villain sir fenwick false fennick or fause phenix steal the king s jewel . he lay the blame on james hatley or jamie o’lee .
32 the game s story revolve mainly in rikimaru s return and the struggle for the three jewels which be say to give power to those who possess they . these be the jewel of heaven earth and virtue . tenrai an evil warlock who want to get his hand on they command a band of his man to take the jewels from whoever possess they . however upon encounter rikimaru he seem interest in his power and attempt convince he to join his man .
25 hamada one of lord gohda s man . under tenrai s control he become a traitor to lord gohda with the goal of steal the jewel of virtue .
41 july 17 2003 . keller s teacher anne sullivan have mention that the autumn leaf be painted ruby emerald gold crimson and brown and keller supposedly imagine fairy do the work . keller write a story about how a cask of jewel be transporting by fairy servant have melt in the sun and cover the leaf . digital .library .upenn.edu .
18 for forty long year nobody visit the grave . nobody know where he be bury . but a jewel could not be hide for long . his grace mathews mar athanasios the then metropolitan of out side kerala diocese later his holiness baselio marthoma mathews first during his visit to goa in 1967 after a lot of enquiry find out the tomb . it be a coincidence that the first holy ‘qurbana” of orthodox church be conduct by his grace in the st . inus church where the late alvares mar julius be lay to rest .
43 a merchant after many year of poverty and hard work move to a distant region and grow rich . he decide to go home . a man tell he that his road be beset by thief and the merchant leave his box of jewel with he until he could get man of his own family to accompany he . when he return the man deny that it have ever happen and throw he out of the shop .
58 koosby ram see he sit on the road and ask he what have happen . then he tell he to go back the next day and ask for his box when someone give he a signal . while he be wait a palanquin arrive and the man be tell that a lady wish to leave she box of jewel with he for safety . while the talk be still go on the merchant receive the signal and come to ask . the man decide that it would put off the lady and hand over the box .
41 the man decide that it would put off the lady and hand over the box . the merchant start to dance in the street . a message arrive that she husband have come so she do not need to deposit the jewel after all . then koosby ram burst out of the palanquin and join the merchant . then the man join they .
8 someone say that the merchant have recover his jewel that koosby ram have trick he but that the man have no reason to dance . he say that he have think he have learn every way to trick people but now he know another .
77 la vérité be the last album by niagara . niagara be one of the few french band who have success and critical acclaim outside of france despite not sing in english because of this they embark on an international tour in 1991 which include many sell out concert . base on this success polydor decide to spare no expense on la vérité which be record with a big band consist of 45 musician and have a special jewel case with a relief of the logo of the band on the cover .
21 enrique iglesias latino singer will appear as himself in november 2007 . il divo appear in 2005 to surprise nikki . jewel appear on may 31 2006 to sing at a benefit in memory of cassie newman . brian jordan of the atlanta braves appear as himself on the show on 2 or 3 different occasion . george kennedy appear as victor s father in 2003 .
31 in their review for these day shortlist for the whitbread award in poetry 2004 the whitbread judge write a breathtakingly accomplished debut . these day transform flynn s experience into literary jewel . she have exceptional insight and the writerly rigour of a poet many year she senior
45 initially agathon be release to value the valuable seize from the imperial family the aristocrat wealthy merchant and fabergé amongst other jeweller . he be re-imprison when the bolsheviks find it difficult to sell this treasure at agathon’s valuation . with europe awash with russian jewel price have fall . madame fabergé and she eldest son eugène avoid capture by escape under the cover of darkness through the snow-covered wood by sleigh and on foot . towards the end of december 1918 they have cross the border into the safety of finland .
47 guild be numerous . silk weaving be introduce from china sassanid silk be seek after everywhere and serve as model for the textile art in byzantium china and japan . chinese merchant come to thriving iranian port such as siraf to sell raw silk and buy rug jewel rouge armenians syrians and jew connect persia byzantium and rome in slow exchange . good road and bridge well patrol enable state post and merchant caravan to link ctesiphon with all province and harbor be build in the persian gulf to quicken trade with india . sassanid merchant range far and wide and gradually oust roman from lucrative indian ocean trade route .
9 fiona scott as naomi esterbrook kandyse mcclure as kim jewel staite as laurel michael p. northey as benny parker jay as vijal
35 but one day life change for he when his father catch he red-handed from the theatre after he bunk school . the child be severely punish . he run away from home take money and jewel .
25 # this love be but a wanton fit – 0:40 # sure there be no god of love – 2:16 # see mine own sweet jewel – 1:05 # when first i see thee – 0:39 # the silver swan – 1:19
37 castel baronia have touristic importance form by its history and precious archaelogical neolithical find which date back to iii century b.c. in part these have be discover in the isca del pero area where hut tomb include jewel amphor coin and industrial clay item vase plate with characteristic of the laterza culture . inhabitant be the irpini tribe from the samnite who consist of four tribe carricini caudini pentri and irpini . the irpini s occupied southern samnium between the valley of ofanto calore and sabbato. they be call uomini lupo or wolf man and it be from they that the word hirpus or irpino be derive .
22 sundered from we by gulf of time and stranger dimension dream the ancient world of nehwon with its tower and skull and jewel its sword and sorcery . nehwon s know realm crowd about the inner sea northward the green-forested fierce land of the eight cities eastward the steppe-dwelling mingol horseman and the desert where caravan creep from the rich eastern lands and the river tilth . but southward link to the desert only by the sinking land and further ward by the great dike and the mountains of hunger be the rich grain field and walled city of lankhmar eldest and chiefest of nehwon s land .
26 the younger say as much as the salt on she food . he order she out of the kingdom . she go with she dress and jewel . she make herself ugly so that a farmwife would not be reluctant to hire she and wear a beggar s clothing . eventually she be hire as a shepherdess .
33 mute math be the first full-length album by mute math independently release by teleprompt form in 2004 with production/management partner tedd tjornhom and kevin kookogey . the album be initially package in a jewel case and be sell exclusively at concert date on their 2006 album tour . the release date be january 19 the first date of the tour .
3 chandmani mongolian Чандмань jewel also chandman be a sum district of the govi-altai province in western mongolia .
60 hastinapur be annex to the british presidency of marabar an allusion to the marabar hills which figure prominently in a passage to india . the people of hastinapur be mill in the street threaten revolt . there be a rumour that gangaji will address a rally at the bibighar gardens an allusion to the bibighar which figure prominently in a jewel in the crown . heaslop counsel sir richard to let passion dissipate on their own but sir richard instead call in colonel rudyard and the fifth baluch which start fire on the unarmed gathering in the bibighar gardens . almost 400 people be kill and more than a thousand be injure .
54 mannus riedesel 1662-1726 be a master builder in the early 1700 in the counties of wittgenstein and surround area now part of the district of siegen-wittgenstein in the state of north rhine-westfalen in the federal republic of germany . at least ten structure that he build be know to exist and be regard as jewel of half-timbered fachwerk construction . wolfgang birkelbach die familiengeschichte des wittgensteiner zimmermeister mannus riedesel . wittgenstein blätter des wittgensteiner heimatvereins e.v. 1980/volume 1 .
21 he do all of these thing and the maiden be restore more beautiful than ever and dress in magnificent robe and jewel . now although to the prince only hour have pass in fulfil his mission actually 10 day have go by and the king and queen be at church weep for their dead son . the prince and maiden arrive and be marry on the spot .
58 the robber first take the large treasure object place around the remains of ci xi such as jadeite watermelon grasshopper and vegetable jade lotus and coral . they even grab object find beneath the body and ravage the corpse itself take she imperial robe tear off she under clothing shoe and sock and take all the pearl and jewel on she body . they even pry open ci xi s jaw and take the scarce pearl from she mouth . finally they loot the object under the coffin which have be favorite of ci xi when she be alive .[2
31 aino go to the forest to gather twig and birch branch and meet with väinämöinen he ask she to be his and his alone and she respond with contempt tear she jewel and bangle from she person state that she would rather wear the garb of a simple farm girl than be marry to he she run home weep .
12 aino wander to the storehouse and dress in the finest clothes and jewel she wander through the countryside bewail she lot sing as she walk . she come to a bay and over the water see three maiden wash she feel she should join then and throw she fine garment on the harsh rock of the bay and proceed to swim towards the rocky outcrop where the maiden be locate . she reach the rocky island and it sink beneath she take she form and soul with it .
21 ilmarinen meet louhi she ask he if he will forge the sampo she bring she daughter dress in finest garment and jewel and offer she in exchange for the forging of the sampo . ilmarinen accept and begin work on create his forge .
47 kullervo attempt to do chore around his family farm but prove to be hopeless at everything his father send he to pay tax and on his way back he meet a young maiden . he drag she into his sleigh and seduce she with rich fabric and jewel . they sleep together and wake the follow morning .
50 beruti then participate in the chile campaign alongside general josé de san martín in early 1817 and fight in the battle of chacabuco . his wife doña mercedes ortíz be one of the lady who the previous year along with doña remedios de escalada de san martín have donate their jewel for the liberation campaign . on march 13 1817 bernardo o'higgins at the request of san martín ask beruti to return to the city of mendoza and arrange his passport with governor luzuriaga . he be able to return to buenos aires on november 17 .
11 bill mason bear 1940 in hundred west virginia be an american jewel thief who in his autobiography confession of a master jewel thief aver that he have steal $ 35,000,000 in property from the private residence of bob hope phyllis diller johnny weissmuller and armand hammer .
106 although libby be sometimes still mean to sheen and the other she relationship with sheen seem to be slightly gentler than cindy s relationship with jimmy which be sometimes secrete by sign of rivalry instead of sign of affection but when leave alone jimmy and cindy s relationship will show more . libby love gangsta rap music . like cindy libby be sometimes vain and greedy as show when the two find ruby that be in an asteroid that land in cindy s front yard and make jewelry out of the ruby show they off at the candy bar and refuse to let anyone touch their jewel . in the series finale in she time be a news reporter libby spread she co-worker secret to everyone who watch she on television such as jimmy and cindy s secret love relationship . so she friend play a joke on she know that whatever gossipy or juicy information that libby learn about would be spread to all of the viewer .
14 but in that book on page 38 and 58 there be a couple of jewel in the rough drawing by designer william rettig that must have inspire the machine in later year . in fact many of his design cue still appear on car today .
0 jewel single cover to again and again
8 stand be a song by american pop singer-songwriter jewel from she fourth studio album 0304 2003 . written and produce by jewel and lester mendez and release as the album s second single in october 2003 in the united states and later on internationally the single fail to chart on the billboard hot 100 . it nevertheless manage to chart on the hot 100 singles sale at number sixteen and also become jewel s third consecutive chart-topper on the hot dance club play the first two be serve the ego and intuition .
11 after su s death his daughter dongzhen 東珍 literally mean east jewel be adopt at the age of eight by kawashima who bring she up as his own daughter and re-educate she as a japanese adopt the name yoshiko kawashima . she later accuse he of rape she at the age of 17 and go on to become a spy in china for japan .
16 treasure room the skull cave include two treasure room the minor treasure room with gold and jewel and the major treasure room which include invaluable historical treasure like the snake that kill cleopatra excalibur sword of king arthur the diamond cup of alexander the great shakespeare s original hamlet script and much more include one of alfred nobel s first stick of dynamite .
53 pimm be then see enter his apartment in conversation with his mother who be see from the back in she rocking chair . he tell she that he believe he be sure to be choose the new curator by the museum s board of trustee . he bring out a necklace with a jewel pendant which he have borrow from the museum for his mother to wear to indulge she . as he put the necklace on his mother we see that she be a decaying corpse reminiscent of norman bates s mother in alfred hitchcock s psycho . the imagine rivalry in pimm s mind between his dead mother and his personal attraction for ellen grove the dead curator s daughter be a minor subplot which save she life in the end .
32 14 . do not bother me/no reply the beatles be be follow by a couple of spy all of whom be after their songbook in japan the beatles be warn about a jewel thief name anyface who come in disguised as paul which cause double trouble .
38 harrigan begin she career as a professional sprinter in the spring of 2007 . she have compete in several professional track meet in the u.s. and abroad . of the many sprint-oriented event she compete in the crown jewel would have to be she current personal record in the 100 metre of 11.13 seconds .
45 cultural flourish together with economic development there come socio-cultural flourishing and the intellectual level of the inhabitant be raise . before the middle of the 19th century the two church of saint george and saint athanassios be already build and be still stand as real jewel of the town . around 1860 we have the creation of the civil school today it be the town s second elementary school and in 1880-82 the girls school of soufli be build and come into operation today s first elementary school . in 1878 the ´dramatic society of soufli´ be already in existence and in 1905-10 another dramatic society come forward .
40 piquillo mourn the loss of both his lover and his freedom and eventually fall asleep. périchole enter and tell piquillo that she have remain true to he and they renew their vow . périchole try to buy piquillo’s freedom with jewel the viceroy have give she but the jailor be the viceroy in disguise . he call the guard and the lover be chain to the dungeon wall . but the viceroy still have hope of win périchole and tell she to sing if she change she mind .
48 the three escape prisoner hide in the three cousin cabaret as the viceroy and his soldier search for they in the plaza . périchole and piquillo plead for their freedom with a ballad that flatter the viceroy . he forgive the couple and allow périchole to keep the jewel he have give she . meanwhile the old prisoner have turn out to be the long lose marquis of santarem . the viceroy be happy to pardon he as well rather than send he back to destroy more wall in prison .
10 jacob of alaska saint jeff jacobson mayor of north pole jewel singer deedee jonrowe sled dog racer
73 pieroni study the design of the new part to wallenstein’s castle in jičín and the church of st . jacob there and the garden sala terrena and ride school be attribute to he . pieroni also influence the astrological and astronomical decoration of the mythological corridor and other interior . the total value of interior furnishings after his death be 70 000 gold piece while another 134 000 gold piece be invest in jewel and tableware make from precious metal .
3 bijoux french for jewel may refer to
137 however the episode doomsday and out of time establish a further difference draw from the ultimate fantastic four comic book doctor doom be directly responsible for cause the station s shielding to fail lead to the accident which give the ff their power and leave he with his famous scar unlike either the movie or the ultimate series doom stay true to his original comic book portrayal as he do not gain any power in the accident . beyond these basic fact however which be not present as revelations but as if they be information that the audience be already suppose to be aware of no more detail be ever give as to what precisely happen on the station . out of time make a point of show doom surreptitiously bring a small box contain a blue jewel aboard the shuttle but its significance be never explain .
18 two cd version of the album be release for purchase the regular version which come in a standard jewel case and the deluxe digipak version which includes a digipack and a 32-page full color booklet all package in a deluxe slipcase make of canvas . . . the sony music website also offer a double gatefold 2 lp 180-gram vinyl edition of the album .
12 she winx outfit be a sparkly blue top decorate with a gold jewel at she chest a matching miniskirt and blue ankle boot . she also wear blue glove around she arm from elbow to wrist and wear a small golden tiara with rounded point at the top of she head . she wing be cyan with teal tip and she charmix be a silver and gold heart pin with a fluffy pink bag at she waist also heart-shap .
14 in she charmix transformation she twirls around before a silver heart appear around she jewel on she top . then she do a double twirl around and the pink heart appear at the side of she skirt . she be the first to get she charmix but she would not use it until after she have return to alfea she be fifth to transform only ahead of flora who have not earn hers by that time .
56 she also have a pink bow in front of she neck match eye liner lipstick . in the cartoon however the dress seem to be just turquoise cyan and light blue . she wing now ample in size be both light yellow and pink with a soft alice blue outlining and speckled with dark blue decorative jewel . she wing do not resemble butterfly but be insectoid and be distinguish by discal forewing spur which spiral inward . she hair the only one of the winx girl besides tecna it seem to not have it style in pigtail have also grow several inch in length and have seem to earn a much more tame elegant look and style it become strait but she have curl at the bottom and be longer than she regular winx form .
41 tecna s enchantix outfit in extreme contrast to that of she winx outfit be considerably more revealing . primarily violet in color tecna s outfit also consist of flatter light blue translucent above-the-elbow glove that be decorate with various violet color jewel and orchid light yellow and violet ample butterfly-styled wing now instead of a glider with violet bejewel outlining . she wing have spurs/tails with spiral tip . she hind wing be seldom apparent in the show .
112 in the cartoon however the bottom blue petal be four purple pointed petal the top blue petal be yellow and the bottom half of she wing be miss . she be the only one of the winx girl besides bloom it seem not to have she hair style in curl bunch and ponytail while it have not grow in extreme length like the other winx girl it do lengthen at least a few inch in the back below she neck like a flow fountain earn she a sassy taper and sophisticated look and style . she have also discard she powder blue colored boot and don strap green barefoot sandal with purple jewel and wear instead of a tiara as the other winx girl do except for bloom what appear to be a lily-shaped soft green colored barrette clip place upon the left side of she head . she fairy dust vial be violet with one hole in the middle and diamond top . tecna be the 5th one to gain she enchantix .
47 further detail information at least in term of year be give throughout the book reveal that roarke work as a pickpocket as a child he sometimes take eve s badge from she without she knowledge to tease she and as an adult a thief of very expensive jewel .
26 arago national postal museum . . this collection be the first complete collection of u.s. stamp ever assemble . his collection be know as the crown jewel of u.s. stamp collect for its rare holding depth and variety .
32 despite fairly high level of disturbance the bird life be diverse and include all three species of woodpecker . over one hundred species of spider have be spot and a nationally rare jewel beetle be widespread .
55 but he become dissatisfied with it probably due to too little profit earn from his performance . either that or his flea circus turn out to be a major flop . whatever the case he wind up turn himself into a life of crime as a result and begin to train his bug to steal jewel use a remote control device that resemble an accordion he use to control his swarm with . he fly around in his bug-style copter . have large bulgy lens and a hat that resemble a bee hive with a top that open up to reveal his trained swarm of bug .
21 gaylord be his favorite bug a small flea who be among a large army of bug the bugman train to steal jewel for he .
50 nightshade report this to big boss about what happen . suddenly the bugman arrive at the penthouse with his trained army of bug to convinced big boss to join his crooked team . big boss consider his offer and be please later on when the bugman bring a bag of jewel and give it to he to keep for his own . the bugman get pay but be not satisfy with the payment . he throw it back to the big boss and take off in his bug-style copter steam mad .
66 in the meantime buttons and nightshade use the bug to perform a heist at another jewelry store with everything go as plan as the bug go out and steal many different type of jewelry such as necklace earring even a jeweled dog collar and bring they back to the two crook and drop they in a bag buttons be hold open for they to drop the jewel in . later arrive at the hideout bowser mainframe and blitz radio the c.o.p.s. for back-up and the team spring into action with mace yelling it be crime fighting time . the c.o.p.s. bugman and gaylord then follow nightshade and buttons who be just return to their hideout from a previous heist .
77 buttons even trap blitz underneath a large power magnet as well . as the two crook plan their next heist gaylord fly out of the cage and open the safe the bug be trap in to release his buzzing companion who then give the two crook a hard time and free blitz from the magnet . blitz be on top of buttons as the rest of the c.o.p.s. team storm in to arrest nightshade and buttons for jewel theft . the bugman try to escape to with the loot but be catch and place under arrest by bowser . in prison the bugman entertain the prison guard who be unaware of gaylord crawl up the leg of one of the guard to get the key from the belt to open up the prison cell and release his owner .
30 it weigh 11 kilo and be make of 24 carat gold . vergina greece .the golden wreath of philip ii find inside the golden larnax . it weigh 717 grams.golden jewel for the hair 3rd century bc stathatos collection national archaeological museum of athens . see also alexander the great
50 another notable talz be muftak from the book tales from the mos eisley cantina . in his story he and a chadra-fan name kabe pillage jabba s townhouse in mos eisley but get catch and mutak sacrifice himself for kabe to escape and make a living with the money and jewel that they steal from jabba s house but kabe go back to save he and in the process the sack of money and jewel get steal .
74 another notable talz be muftak from the book tales from the mos eisley cantina . in his story he and a chadra-fan name kabe pillage jabba s townhouse in mos eisley but get catch and mutak sacrifice himself for kabe to escape and make a living with the money and jewel that they steal from jabba s house but kabe go back to save he and in the process the sack of money and jewel get steal .
8 palace guard be the story of a reformed jewel thief and cat burglar tommy logan d. w. moffett who after serve three year in prison be release on parole and accept an offer to become the head of security for the posh palace hotel chain . there be two reason for this somewhat unusual job offer . one be that logan have previously enjoy great success in steal from the high-class clientele of the palace chain and hence it be think that he d understand how to prevent other from do so .
15 it be usually make of silver silver-gilt or gold often further embellish with enamel and jewel . a nautilus shell often form the hull of the ship as in the burghley nef illustrate . some nef have wheel to allow they to be roll from one end of the table to the other but most have leg or pedestal .
59 villella become a member of the new york city ballet in 1957 rise to soloist in 1958 and principal dancer in 1960 . among his most noteworthy biography of edward villella . the kennedy center performance be oberon in george balanchine s ballet a midsummer night s dream with music by felix mendelssohn tarantella ruby in the balanchine ballet jewel and prodigal son .
32 once on the island sheldon quickly find himself subject to the harsh condition of a slave-labor camp . he also meet danel s beautiful young wife lorraine rochelle hudson who despite she jewel and stylish wardrobe be every bit as much a prisoner as the man sweat in the mine . once danel discover sheldon s true identity the agent must work quickly to save his own life and to free the captive .
43 he hold the position from 1996 until three week before his death in 2004 . one thousand people attend a speech in honour of his service . the brisbane courier-mail describe the college as the most acclaimed institution in the region and a jewel in the crown of catholic college throughout the archdiocese of brisbane tom cranitch 26 april 2004 . . july 11 2007 . .
10 in part 7 iius of the novel poirot recollect the jewel thief countess vera rossakoff . rossakoff the nearest that poirot come to a love interest appear as character in chapter six of the big four 1927 .
39 in 1961 breakfast at tiffany s be on the screen . this now very-famous book and movie would epitomize a whole generation . young woman of the highest class of the american society of the 1960 love luxury fashion jewel stone impose set that they dare wear in the morning . euphoria be the key word nothing be too beautiful . jacques verger notice it quite quickly and create luxurious colorful jewelry for his american customer .
40 plant doll look like young girl but give improper treatment they can mature . this be especially true if they be give anything to eat or drink other than milk and cookie . when they cry their tear become valuable jewel call tear of heaven . there be two known model of plant dolls potpourri doll and sing doll . potpourri doll take perfume ball with their meal and soon a pleasant scent can come from they .
72 the only way i have of describe my attachment to that man be by tell you that next to you and dickinson he be the person in whose society i take the greatest delight . a visit to ardtrea be often in prospect to sustain i in many of my cheerless labour . my gem be fall away but i do hope and trust it be because god be make up his jewel . dr meredith be a man of a truly christian temper of mind . we use naturally to fall upon religious subject and i now revert with peculiar gratification to the cordiality with which we take sweet counsel together upon these topic .
61 kalinath bose bengali কালীনাথ বোস be the first indian to be promote as superintendent of police under the british administration in march 1881 . tapan chattopadhyay the story of lalbazar firma klm private ltd. 1982 p 92 one of the early indians to be operate in the intelligence branch of the police he be reward in 1875 for recover the crown jewel of the maharaja of travancore tapan chattopadhyay mention the reward grant in 1875 to kalinath bose p154 . that be a daring feat he accomplish by go into the den of dacoit in the deep forest in the guise of a woman . he have perform many other daring act during his service career .
29 architectural detail see it be a joyful surprise write the great historian nicolae iorga . it be tall and narrow like a fine casket with holy relic an architectural jewel which adorn the ancient wood of bucovina . the church be build mostly of raw unpolished stone except for the pillar which end with buttress make of polished stone . at the window gothic-style fret have intersect bar .
43 the black thief say he might yet escape and the knight say that if he have be in another such great danger he would pardon the second . the black thief tell he have hear how a rich bishop have be bury with jewel and rich robe and he go to rob the grave . he hear footstep and lose courage . then he meet with a dark figure which he shoot at and find it be one of the clergy who have already rifle the tomb .
48 the youngest daughter now call fortune set out and reach a city . there she want to send gold back from the chest but when she discover that she have lose the key the horse tell she how to open the chest . she send back gold and jewel but as soon as she sister touch some the jewel become glass and the gold turn into counterfeit coin they tell their father to keep the rest safe .
58 the youngest daughter now call fortune set out and reach a city . there she want to send gold back from the chest but when she discover that she have lose the key the horse tell she how to open the chest . she send back gold and jewel but as soon as she sister touch some the jewel become glass and the gold turn into counterfeit coin they tell their father to keep the rest safe .
43 it be in the side of an ancient road that cross west paiko and connect almopia with bottiaio . east of the cemetery some remain of an old settlement be save . the discovery from the interior of grave department of vessel cupreous jewel and iron dagger allow the chronology of the finding at around 1100 to 700 bc .
24 audio revolting people 2000-2006 be a bbc radio 4 situation comedy set in colonial baltimore maryland just before the american revolutionary war . the jewel in the crown 2005 be a bbc radio 4 adaptation of the first book of the raj quartet .
39 sandokan 1976 be a loose adaptation of the novel series with the hero a prince fight for independence for his island from the british . the far pavilion 1983 a three part television adaptation of the book . the jewel in the crown 1984 be a reflection on indian independence and the post imperial feeling in britain when the series be produce . base on the first book of the raj quartet . noble house 1988 be an adaptation of the novel set in the late 80s .
46 initial copy of the album be duplicate onto cd-r media with a thermal-printed label apply and distribute in a simple sleeve . in 2003 the album be rename building 429 and be professionally press onto compact disc . this second press be distribute inside a full-sized jewel case with full-color insert .
36 the third kelly film to catch a thief 1955 set in the french riviera star kelly with cary grant again and john williams . grant play retire thief john robie who woo both kelly and she jewel and then become the prime suspect for a spate of robbery in the riviera . citation need despite the obvious age disparity between grant and kelly and a lightweight plot the witty script load with double-entendre and the good-natured acting prove a commercial success citation need . leitch p.366
22 snorri further write that asgard be a land more fertile than any other bless also with a great abundance of gold and jewel . correspondingly the Æsir excel beyond all other people in strength beauty and talent .
87 abhinavagupta offer for the first time a technical definition of rasa which be the universal bliss of the self or atman color by the emotional tone of a drama . shānta-rasa function as an equal member of the set of rasa but be simultaneously distinct be the most clear form of aesthetic bliss . abhinavagupta liken it to the string of a jeweled necklace while it may not be the most appealing for most people it be the string that give form to the necklace allow the jewel of the other eight rasa to be relish . relish the rasa and particularly shānta-rasa be hint as be as-good-as but never-equal-to the bliss of self-realization experience by yogis .
16 disk be ship in a paper sleeve or a hard plastic case resemble a compact disc jewel case . the casing be thicker and more rigid than that of 3.5 diskette . a slide metal cover to protect the media surface be internal to the casing and latched unlike the simple external slide cover of sony s version .
39 it would come to be call the cacafuego . drake give chase and eventually capture the treasure ship which prove their most profitable capture . aboard nuestra señora de la concepción drake find lb of gold a golden crucifix jewel 13 chest full of royal of plate and 26 ton of silver . this particular catch have far-reaching consequence because the spanish ship have be intercepted sailing due west in the pacific expose to the whole world in early 1580 that the spanish be active in the far east a concession which have be award to the portuguese by the pope at rome . this crisis force philip ii of spain to invade portugal in 1580 to claim the portuguese crown .
9 on his return drake present the queen with a jewel token commemorate the circumnavigation . it be make of enameled gold take as a prize off the pacific coast of mexico bear an african diamond and a ship with an ebony hull . for she part the queen give drake a jewel with she portrait an uncommon gift to bestow upon a commoner and one that drake sport proudly in his portrait by marcus gheeraerts 1591 .
51 on his return drake present the queen with a jewel token commemorate the circumnavigation . it be make of enameled gold take as a prize off the pacific coast of mexico bear an african diamond and a ship with an ebony hull . for she part the queen give drake a jewel with she portrait an uncommon gift to bestow upon a commoner and one that drake sport proudly in his portrait by marcus gheeraerts 1591 . on one side be a state portrait of elizabeth by the miniaturist nicholas hilliard on the other a sardonyx cameo of double portrait bust a regal woman and an african male . the drake jewel as it be know today be a rare document survivor among sixteen-century jewel it be conserve at the national maritime museum greenwich .
81 for she part the queen give drake a jewel with she portrait an uncommon gift to bestow upon a commoner and one that drake sport proudly in his portrait by marcus gheeraerts 1591 . on one side be a state portrait of elizabeth by the miniaturist nicholas hilliard on the other a sardonyx cameo of double portrait bust a regal woman and an african male . the drake jewel as it be know today be a rare document survivor among sixteen-century jewel it be conserve at the national maritime museum greenwich . the drake jewel
27 florence be know as the “cradle of the renaissance ” la cullum del rinascimento for its monument church and building . the best-known site and crown architectural jewel of florence be the domed cathedral of the city santa maria del fiore know as the duomo . the magnificent dome be build by filippo brunelleschi . the nearby campanile partly design by giotto and the baptistery building be also highlight .
33 race formula 3000 race during the open chassis era tend to be of about 100-120 mile in distance hold at major circuit either headlining meeting or pair with other international event . the jewel in the crown of the f3000 season be traditionally the pau grand prix street race rival for a few year by the birmingham round . most major circuit in france italy spain germany and the united kingdom see the series visit at least once .
41 parker 2004 pp . 648–649 niccolò and his brother maffeo set off on a trading voyage before marco be bear . in 1260 niccolò and maffeo be reside in constantinople when they foresee a political change they liquidate their asset into jewel and move away . brittanica 2002 p . 571 accord to the travels of marco polo they pass through much of asia and meet with the kublai khan . yule cordier 1923 ch .1–9
94 in 1959 all three act in a tv pilot deputy seraph to star harpo and chico as blunder angel groucho would appear in every third episode as their boss the deputy seraph . the pilot be never finish as it be discover that chico be seriously ill with arteriosclerosis he could not remember his line at all and be uninsurable . chico and harpo do appear together in a half-hour film shot later that year for the general electric theater on cbs the incredible jewel robbery a pantomime show with the pair as would-be jewel thief . groucho make a brief appearance in the last scene .
62 rowland have be seek to buy harrods and take the fayed brother to a department of trade inquiry . the inquiry involve one of the most bitter feud in british business history issue a 1990 report state that the fayed brother have lie about their background and wealth . the bickering with rowland continue when he accuse they of steal million in jewel from his harrods safe deposit box . rowland die in 1998 and without accept responsibility fayed settle the dispute with a payment to his widow . fayed have be arrest during the dispute and sue the metropolitan police for false arrest in 2002 .
43 the study of the strong and weak nuclear force the latter explain by enrico fermi via fermi s interaction in 1934 lead physicist to collide nuclei and electron at ever higher energy . this research become the science of particle physics the crown jewel of which be the standard model of particle physics which unify the strong weak and electromagnetic force .
83 in other country though such as canada and the uk pawnshop do not sell firearm . gold silver and platinum be popular item which be often purchase even if the source such as a piece of broken jewelry have little value the metal can still be sell in bulk to a bullion dealer or smelter for the value of the gold silver or platinum content . similarly with jewelry that contain genuine gem even if the jewelry be break or miss piece the jewel may have value in their own right because they can be reset into a new item of jewelry .
45 if the amount of item in a pawnshop s inventory be examine along a continuum one can argue that both extreme be undesirable . one end of the continuum be a pawnshop with very few item in the shop . perhaps the pawnshop mostly buy jewel and gold which be then reset and smelt or perhaps the pawnshop owner quickly sell most of the item use specialty shop e .g. musical instrument be sell to use music store and stereo be sell to use hi-fi audio store . in this case the pawnshop will not be very interesting to customer because it will be a mostly-empty store with bare shelf and counter . customer walk by a near-empty store will be less likely to be intrigue by the merchandise and come into the store .
57 in spite of early roman catholic church prohibition against charge interest on loan there be some evidence that the franciscan be permit to begin the practice as an aid to the poor . citation need in england the pawnshop come in with william the conqueror with an italian name lombard . in 1338 edward iii pawn his jewel to the lombards to raise money for his war with france . king henry v do much the same in 1415 . the lombards be not a popular class and henry vii tudor harry they a good deal .
63 concession reach their zenith after a crucial rail link through vichy france be sever in 1942 leave switzerland completely surround by the axis . switzerland rely on trade for half of its food and essentially all of its fuel but control vital trans-alpine rail tunnel between germany and italy . switzerland s most important export during the war be precision machine tool watch jewel bearing used in bombsight electricity and dairy product . during world war two the swiss franc be the only remain major freely convertible currency in the world and both the ally and the germans sell large amount of gold to the swiss national bank . between 1940 and 1945 the german reichsbank sell 1.3 billion franc worth of gold to swiss bank in exchange for swiss franc and other foreign currency .
32 1786 the beginning of the annapolis convention . 1789 alexander hamilton be appoint the first united states secretary of the treasury . 1792 the hope diamond be steal along with other crown jewel when six man break into the house use to store they . 1802 france annex the kingdom of piedmont . 1813 war of 1812 british troops arrive in mount vernon and prepare to march to and invade washington d.c. .
48 yayoi period 400 bce 250 japanese culture begin to develop in no small part due to influence from mainland trade and immigration from north east china . during this time in the pre-writing historical period object from the mainland start appear in large amount specifically mirror sword and jewel . all three of these have a direct connection to the imperial divine status as they be the symbol of imperial divinity and be shinto honorary object . also the rice culture begin to blossom throughout japan and this lead to the settlement of society and seasonal reliance of crop .
29 two year later just before the sequel be due to be release the first game be re-released on pc cd-rom. this new cd come without copy protection in a jewel case with a black white inlay manual along with colour insert for both the front and rear . it be advertise with a new full talkie soundtrack which entirely replace the original subtitle frustrate some player include those with hearing disability . the cd-rom version of the sequel simon the sorcerer ii the lion the wizard and the wardrobe offer the option to switch between subtitle or the soundtrack .
54 since then the game have gain the original adventure as a subtitle and come in the same black packaging use by the sequel . the cd have also be update first to run on windows 95/98 use directx and later window me/2000/xp. the window version cd introduce an on-disc pdf manual which replace the jewel case and its insert . a patch be available for download from adventure soft s site to update older release to run on windows me/2000/xp. simon the sorcerer the original adventure have also be publish with its sequel in a big box double pack at a reduced price .
65 the yellow submarine lp finally appear in january 1969 . it contain only four previously unreleased song along with the title track already issue on revolver a song from magical mystery tour and seven instrumental piece compose by martin . because of the paucity of new beatles music allmusic suggest the album might be inessential but for harrison s it be all too much the jewel of the new song ... resplendent in swirl mellotron larger-than-life percussion and tidal wave of feedback guitar ... a virtuoso excursion into otherwise hazy psychedelia".unterberger eder 2009 .
60 the mad hatter mystery a detective novel by john dickson carr where the tower serve as scene of a murder harper row inc. new york 1933 1961 . there be an adventure computer game call traitors gate release by swedish daydream software in 1999 . in the game the player be an american agent who must secretly steal the crown jewel in 12 hour . the game take place in a highly realistic cgi recreation of the whole tower area . the tower of london feature frequently and be describe in exhaustive detail in neal stephenson s baroque cycle especially the system of the world in which the tower be the setting for one of the series grandest set piece .
65 the tower of london also feature in the 2005 christmas special of the long-running bbc television science fiction series doctor who in which it be the secret headquarters of fictional military organisation unit. the tower be the setting for the final battle in the anime version of hellsing where alucard face against incognito . the tower be the set for johnny english when the crown jewel be steal by pascal sauvage . sent by margaret peterson haddix jonah and katherine try to save their friend chip and alex from the tower of london . the tower of london be often portray in the bartimaeus trilogy by jonathan stroud as a prison .
8 bibliography the swamp dweller the lion and the jewel the trial of brother jero a dance of the forest
23 the animate series the new adventures of superman feature a recur villain know as the warlock voiced by ray owens who use a jewel on his cane know as a sorcerer s ruby that give he magical superpower .
55 june 14–15 the auspicious incident mahmud ii sultan of ottoman empire crush the last mutiny of janissary in istanbul . june 22 the pan-american congress of panama try unsuccessfully to unify the american republic . early july ludwig van beethoven put the finish touch on the string quartet in c sharp minor opus 131 the jewel in the crown of his late string quartet . july 4 both thomas jefferson and john adams die . july 26 the last auto de fé be hold in valencia .
51 september george macartney 1st earl macartney sail from portsmouth to china . september 2 during what become know as the september massacres of the french revolution rampage mob slaughter 3 roman catholic church bishop and more than 200 priest . september 11 six man steal some of the former french crown jewel from a warehouse where the revolutionary government have store they . september 20 battle of valmy french revolutionary army defeat prussian under the duke of brunswick after 7-hour artillery duel . september 21 the french convention abolish the monarchy and establish the first republic .
72 the ordinary income of the pope for the year 1517 have be reckon at about 580,000 ducat of which 420,000 come from the state of the church 100,000 from annate and 60,000 from the composition tax institute by sixtus iv. these sum together with the considerable amount accrue from indulgence jubilee and special fee vanish as quickly as they be receive . then the pope resort to pawn palace furniture table plate jewel even statue of the apostle . several banking firm and many individual creditor be ruin by the death of leo .
8 family enoploteuthida family gonatidae armhook squid family histioteuthidae jewel squid family joubiniteuthidae joubin s squid family lepidoteuthidae grimaldi scaled squid
32 italian botanist luca ghini publish the first herbarium . the university of königsberg be found . hungary be invade by the turks for the third time and get rob of the crown jewel . rat make their first appearance in north america . gustav i of sweden sign an alliance with france .
61 the island become their home so they invest in it more heavily than any other power . besides its member come from noble family and have amass considerable fortune due to their service in the route to the holy land . the architectural and artistic remains of this period remain among the greatest of malta s history especially in their prize jewel the city of valletta .
9 500-518 full text in jstor david e. long . jewel of liberty abraham lincoln s re-election and the end of slavery 1994 merrill louis taylor . general benjamin f. butler in the presidential campaign of 1864 .
58 golden bee discover in the tomb of childeric possibly pagan symbol represent longevity or the cult of artemis.tomb childeric s tomb be discover in 1653 may 27 by a mason do repair in the church of saint-brice in tournai a city in modern belgium where numerous precious object be find include a richly ornamented sword a torse-like bracelet jewel of gold and garnet cloisonné gold coin a gold bull s head and a ring with the inscription childerici regi of childeric the king which identify the tomb . some 300 golden bee be also find . archduke leopold william governor of the southern netherlands today s belgium have the find publish in latin and the treasure go first to the habsburgs in vienna then as a gift to louis xiv who be not impress with they and store they in the royal library which become the bibliothèque nationale de france during the revolution .
49 in addition to its castle chateau church bastide and cave fortress the périgord region have preserve from century past a number of wonderful village which still have their market hall dovecote tory stone hut church abbey and castle . saint-leon-sur-vezere connezac saint-jean-de-côle la roque-gageac and many other be real jewel of architecture . as for the old quarter of périgueux or bergerac restore and develop into pedestrian area they have regain their former charm . a number of small town such as brantôme issigeac eymet and mareuil have withstand the often brash change of modern time .
14 external links royal commission on the ancient and historical monuments of wales gathering the jewel the website for welsh cultural history bbc history wales welsh history national grid for learn
29 cia chemist sidney gottlieb be a key person in this by devise a poison resembling toothpaste . 6 plan to poison congo leader patrice lumumba p . 464 family jewel cia document on the national security archive s website . . retrieve 18 june 2006 . africa within . .
52 each dot be produce by a tiny metal rod also call a wire or pin which be drive forward by the power of a tiny electromagnet or solenoid either directly or through small lever pawl . face the ribbon and the paper be a small guide plate often make of an artificial jewel such as sapphire or ruby . 1980-03-25 . . pierce with hole to serve as guide for the pin .
102 the diamond be call the pink panther because the flaw at its center when view closely be say to resemble a leap pink panther . the phrase reappear in the title of the fourth film the return of the pink panther in which the theft of the diamond be again the center of the plot that film also mark the return of seller to the role after a gap of ten year which may have contribute to some confusion between the character and the diamond . the phrase have be use for all the subsequent film in the series even when the jewel do not figure into the plot the diamond have only appear in six of the eleven film in the series .
8 sir charles lytton/the phantom the phantom be a jewel thief clouseau s archenemy after dreyfus in several of the film and know to the public as sir charles lytton . he leave a calling card at the scene of every crime a white glove with a stylize letter p . in the first film he be play by david niven and in return by christopher plummer .
102 also as a note of interest the black panther diamond when light shine on it at a certain angle show within it a black version of the pink panther cartoon character . this toon seem to give the diamond a life of its own as whenever it be unexpectedly drop the diamond appear to run off like a loose panther with the toon visible to the audience as it do so . in an episode of the animate series jackie chan adventures entitle enter … the viper jackie chan and his niece jade must protect the pink puma diamond from a female jewel thief call viper . in the simpson episode this little wiggy an announcer on chief wiggum s television be hear say we now return to the return of the pink panther returns star ken wahl as inspector clouseau . in the simpson season 5 episode homer the vigilante the springfield cat burglar character be base on the phantom .
47 additionally she extravagant clothing become more refine after the tour . no longer would she wear the elaborate hat and formfitt dress of argentine designer . soon she adopt simpler and more fashionable paris couture and become particularly attach to the fashion of christian dior and the jewel of cartier . in an attempt to cultivate a more serious political persona eva begin to appear in public wear business dress suit combination which also be make by dior and other paris couture house .
24 social and cultural historythe pabst mansion pabst mansion built in 1892 by beer tycoon frederick pabst this flemish renaissance mansion be once consider the jewel of milwaukee s famous avenue of mansion call the grand avenue . interior room restore with period furniture to create an authentic replica of a victorian mansion . nationally recognize as a house museum .
17 the queen s bedchamber . there be a barely discernible hidden door in the corner near the jewel cabinet by schwerdfeger 1787 through which marie antoinette escape the night of 5/6 october 1789 when the paris mob storm versailles.appartement du rous king s private apartment
73 in 1969 french writer georges perec publish la disparition a novel that do not include the letter “e” . it be translate into english in 1995 by gilbert adair as a void . perec subsequently joke that he incorporate the “e”s not use in la disparition in the novellum les revenentes 1972 which use no vowel other than “e” . les revenentes be translate into english by ian monk as the exeter text jewel secret sex .
44 in september 1792 while louis xvi and his family be confine in the palais des tuileries during the early stage of the french revolution a group of thief break into the garde-meuble royal storehouse and steal most of the crown jewels . while many jewel be later recover include other piece of the order of the golden fleece the french blue be not among they and it disappear from history .
22 historian germain bapst and bernard morel suggest that one robber cadet guillot take the french blue the côte-de-bretagne spinel and several other jewel to le havre and then to london where the french blue be cut into two piece . morel add that in 1796 guillot attempt to resell the côte-de-bretagne in france but be force to relinquish it to a fellow thief lancry de la loyelle who put guillot into debtor prison .
120 conversely the historian richard kurin speculate that the theft of the french crown jewels be in fact engineer by the revolutionary leader george danton as part of a plan to bribe the oppose military commander duke karl wilhelm of brunswick . when under attack by napoleon in 1805 karl wilhelm may have have the french blue recut to disguise its identity in this form the stone could have come to england in 1806 when his family flee there to join his daughter caroline of brunswick . although caroline be the wife of the prince regent george later george iv of the united kingdom she live apart from she husband and financial strait sometimes force she to quietly sell she own jewel to support she household .
12 lord francis sell the diamond for £29,000 to adolph weil a london jewel merchant . weil later sell the stone to u.s. diamond dealer simon frankel who take it to new york . there it be evaluate to be worth $ 141,032 equal to £28,206 at the time .
91 there it be evaluate to be worth $ 141,032 equal to £28,206 at the time . in 1908 frankel sell the diamond for $ 400,000 to a salomon or selim habib reportedly in behalf of sultan abdul hamid of turkey however on june 24 1909 the stone be include in an auction of habib s asset to settle his own debt and the auction catalog explicitly state that the hope diamond be one of only two gem in the collection which have never be own by the sultan . the parisian jewel merchant simon rosenau buy the hope diamond for 400,000 franc and resell it in 1910 to pierre cartier for 550,000 franc .
68 eventually mclean buy the new necklace and afterwards wear it at every social occasion she organize . when she die in 1947 she will the diamond to she grandchild though she property would be in the hand of trustee until the eldest have reach 25 year of age which would have mean at least 20 year in the future . however the trustee gain permission to sell she jewel to settle she debt and in 1949 sell they to new york diamond merchant harry winston .
17 over the next decade winston exhibit mclean s necklace in his court of jewels a tour of jewel around the united states as well as various charity ball and the august 1958 canadian national exhibition . at some point he also have the hope diamond s bottom facet slightly recut to increase its brilliance . on november 10 1958 he donate it to the smithsonian institution where it become specimen # 217868
62 when the smithsonian s gallery be renovate in 1997 the necklace be move onto a rotate pedestal inside a cylinder make of inch 0 mm thick bulletproof glass in its own display room adjacent to the main exhibit of the national gem collection in the janet annenberg hooker hall of geology gems and minerals . the hope diamond be the most popular jewel on display .
33 on february 9 2005 the smithsonian institution publish the finding of its year-long computer-aided geometry research on the gem and officially acknowledge the hope diamond be part of the steal french blue crown jewel . wired . 2005 . .
37 the mnhn in paris commission the first exact cubic zirconium replica of tavernier and french blue diamond from lapidary scott sucher . these replica have be complete and be currently on view together with the french crown jewel and the great sapphire of louis xiv a fantastic moghol-cut sapphire of carat 0 g .
91 an early account of the hope diamond s curse origin be a fanciful and anonymously write newspaper article in the times on june 25 1909 . however an article entitle hope diamond have brought trouble to all who have owned it have appear in the washington post on january 19 1908 . richard kurin hope diamond the legendary history of a cursed gem harpercollins 2006 p364 the article draw from the new york herald and appear on page 4 of the posts miscellany section the caption for the illustration be remarkable jewel a hoodoo .
58 the actress may yohe make many attempt to capitalize on she identity as the former wife of the last hope to own the diamond and sometimes blame the hope for she misfortune . in july 1902 month after lord francis divorce she she tell police in australia that she lover putnam strong have abandon she and take she jewel . incredibly the couple reconcile marry later that year but divorce in 1910 . on she third marriage by 1920 she persuade film producer george kleine to back a 15-episode serial the hope diamond mystery which add fictitious character to the tale .
13 evalyn walsh mclean add she own narrative to the story behind the blue jewel include that one of the owner be catherine the great . mclean would bring the diamond out for friend to try on include warren g. harding and florence harding . mclean often strap the hope to she pet dog s collar while in residence at friendship in northwest washington d.c. .
60 be a phosphate mineral turquoise be inherently fragile and sensitive to solvent perfume and other cosmetic will attack the finish and may alter the colour of turquoise gem as will skin oils as will most commercial jewelry cleaning fluid . prolonged exposure to direct sunlight may also discolour or dehydrate turquoise . care should therefore be take when wear such jewel cosmetic include sunscreen and hair spray should be apply before put on turquoise jewellery and they should not be wear to a beach or other sun-bathed environment . after use turquoise should be gently clean with a soft cloth to avoid a build up of residue and should be store in its own container to avoid scratch by harder gem . turquoise can also be adversely affect if store in an airtight container .
24 de rebus a se gesti autobiography de iure et statu menevensis ecclesia rights and privilege of the church of st david s gemma ecclesiastica jewel of the church speculum ecclesia mirror of the church symbolum electorum
45 several new project be be plan include an opera house a grand mall and several new hotel . some of these project have already be launch one of the most notable project be the oman national museum . it be expect to be an architectural jewel along with the sultan qaboos grand mosque .
77 contemporary french critic be unite in acknowledge that jewelry be undergo a radical transformation and that the french designer-jeweler-glassmaker rené lalique be at its heart . lalique glorify nature in jewelry extend the repertoire to include new aspect of nature — dragonfly or grass — inspire by his encounter with japanese art . the jeweler be keen to establish the new style in a noble tradition and for this they look back to the renaissance with its jewel of sculpt and enamel gold and its acceptance of jeweler as artist rather than craftsman . in most of the enamel work of the period precious stone recede . diamond be usually give subsidiary role use alongside less-familiar material such as moulded glass horn and ivory .
44 an overview of the art history of the subject be give there . diamond cutter be generally not refer to as lapidary due to the specialized technique which be require to work diamond . gemcutter typically refer to diamond cutter or producer of faceted jewel in modern context but artist produce engrave gem jade carving and the like in older historical context .
31 the city change hand and o-lan join a mob looting a mansion . however she be knock down and trample upon . when she come to she find a bag of jewel overlook in the confusion . this windfall allow the family to go home and prosper once more . o-lan ask only to keep two pearl for herself .
37 gutman tell he that the figurine be a gift from the island of malta to the king of spain a few hundred year ago but be lose on ship in transit . it be cover with fine jewel but acquire a layer of black enamel at some time to conceal its value estimated to be in the million . gutman learn of its whereabouts seventeen year ago and have be look for it ever since . he trace it to the home of the russian general kemidov then send three of his agents cairo thursby and o'shaughnessy to retrieve it .
69 though claim spiritual motivation the crusades have much to do with looting and pillaging of both pagan and christian land and opening and control vital trade route with the east . the first crusade be call by pope urban ii and result in the conquest of jerusalem in 1099 . though often result in military disaster the crusades bring to europe an unprecedented influx of eastern riches silk spice jewel etc. which radically transform the way of life of aristocrat .
31 three group of spanish soldier pursue they . one group capture tuti cusi s son and wife . a second return with military prisoner along with gold silver and other precious jewel . the third group return with túpac amaru s two brother other relative and several of his general . the sapa inca and his commander remain at large .
46 by give we destroy those acquisitive impulse that ultimately lead to further suffering . generosity be also express towards other sentient being as both a cause for merit and to aid the receiver of the gift . in mahayanatradition it be accept that although the three jewel of refuge be the basis of the greatest merit by see other sentient being as have buddhanature and make offering towards the aspirational buddha to be within they be of equal benefit . generosity towards other sentient being be greatly emphasise in mahayana as one of the perfection paramita as show in lama tsong khapa s the abbreviated points of the graded path tibetan lam-rim bsdus-don
1 crown jewel be jewel or artifact of the reign royal family of their respective country . they belong to monarch and be pass to the next sovereign to symbolize the right to rule . they may include crown scepter orb sword ring and other object .
3 crown jewel be jewel or artifact of the reign royal family of their respective country . they belong to monarch and be pass to the next sovereign to symbolize the right to rule . they may include crown scepter orb sword ring and other object .
13 central african republic see emperor bokassa and the central african empire . the jewel be also tell that they have special power . kings would wear crown and lightning would come out of their eye .
41 the most important item for the assumption of the throne be the imperial seals which give the emperor the mandate of heaven authority . these be keep either in the forbidden city or the national palace museum . numerous crown robe jewel and headwear make especially for coronation and other official event . they usually contain very large manchurian pearl and most date from the qing dynasty .
36 iran persia main article iranian crown jewels the imperial crown jewels of iran alternatively know as the imperial crown jewels of persia include several elaborate crown and decorative throne 30 tiara and numerous aigrette a dozen jewel laden sword and shield a vast amount of precious unset gemstone numerous plate and other dine service cast in precious metal and encrust with gem and several other more unique item such as a gemstone globe collect by the iranian monarchy during its 2,500 year existence .
32 for many century the iranian crown jewels be keep in the vault of the imperial treasury . however in the early 20th century the first pahlavi shah transfer ownership of the crown jewel to the state as part of a massive restructuring of the country s financial system . later in the 1950s his son and successor mohammad reza pahlavi decree that the most spectacular of these item be put on public display at the central bank of iran .
89 silla regalia consist of a crown a golden girdle a golden belt a string of 50 gold and jade and lapiz lazul necklace a sword a dagger golden shoe earring and more than 35 ring and hairpin . however the silla custom be that every king and queen have their own set of regalia hence the regalia for each monarch be bury with they in their tomb warrant the creation of many different regalia depend on personal preference fashion and technology . the joseon dynasty regali consist of formal jewel encrust wig for the queen and everyday crow encrust with diamond ruby jade lapiz lazul aquamarine pearl emerald and tiger eye . the baekjae regalia be similar to the silla gold crown but be even more arabesque and consist of magnificent girdle .
61 main article imperial regalia of japan the imperial regalia of japan 三種の神器 sanshu no jingi three sacred treasure consist of the holy sword kusanagi 草薙剣 the holy jewel yasakani no magatama 八尺瓊曲玉 and the holy mirror yata no kagami 八咫鏡 . the sword and the mirror be keep at the shinto shrine in nagoya and ise in central japan and the jewel at the kokyo imperial palace in tokyo .
31 the austrian crown jewels de insignien und kleinodien be keep at the schatzkammer imperial treasury locate in the hofburg palace in vienna . they be a collection of imperial regalia and jewel date from the 10th century to the 19th . they be one of the biggest and most important collection of royal object still today and reflect more than a thousand year of european history . the treasury can be quantify into six important part
2 bohemium the jewel c korunovační klenoty and the crown of saint wenceslas of bohemia svatováclavská koruna be keep in prague castle pražský hrad and be display to the public only once every circa eight year .
26 it be make for king charles iv in 1346 . since 1867 it have be store in st . vitus cathedral of prague castle . the jewel have always play an important role as a symbol of bohemian statehood .
74 an ancient czech legend say that any usurper who place the crown on his head be doom to die within a year . in the eye of some this be confirm during world war ii when reinhard heydrich the nazi governor of the puppet protectorate of bohemia and moravia secretly wear they believe himself to be a great king and be assassinate less than a year later by the czech underground . history of jewel picture and detail require quicktime
15 denmarkthe crown of christian iv of denmark main article crown jewels of denmark the crown jewel and other royal regalia of denmark be keep in rosenborg castle in copenhagen .
9 hungary main article crown jewels of hungary the crown jewel of hungary be on display in the parliament building in budapest .
17 the coronation robe be keep in the schatzkammer in vienna austria . kings of italy the crown jewel of the kingdom of italy 1861–1946 be in the custody of the bank of italy due to legal controversy between the italian republic and the savoia family . it be not clear who be the legal owner . the value of crown diadem and various jewel be value at over €2,5 billion .
48 the crown jewel of the kingdom of italy 1861–1946 be in the custody of the bank of italy due to legal controversy between the italian republic and the savoia family . it be not clear who be the legal owner . the value of crown diadem and various jewel be value at over €2,5 billion . file:cosimo-gduke-br.jpg|thumb|upright|a sceptre consist of a gilt rod top with a red-enameled globe top in turn by a red-enameled florentine lily also form part of the regalia of the grand dukes of tuscany . paradoxplace . .
14 monacomonaco feature a heraldic crown on its coat-of-arm but do not possess any crown jewel or regalia per se .
17 main article dutch royal regalianorway main article crown jewels of norwaynorwegian crown prince s crown the crown jewel or royal regalia of norway be together with some other old treasure on permanent display in an exhibition next to the nidaros cathedral in trondheim . king’s crown king’s sceptre
65 the kingdom that would consolidate to form spain during the 15th and 16th century namely the kingdoms of castile and aragon do not have consistent coronation ceremony . the last record coronation ceremony in what would become spain occur in the 15th century since then the monarch be not crown but proclaim . as such there be decrease importance for a coherent set of crown jewel as these be usually themselves coronation regalia .
16 today there be other piece of jewelry and historically important item that would be consider crown jewel in other country but be not denominate as such in spain . in term of jewelry all of the jewel and tiara wear by the member of the spanish royal family be privately own by they . more historically important element be keep as piece of cultural interest in different part of spain .
36 today there be other piece of jewelry and historically important item that would be consider crown jewel in other country but be not denominate as such in spain . in term of jewelry all of the jewel and tiara wear by the member of the spanish royal family be privately own by they . more historically important element be keep as piece of cultural interest in different part of spain . for example the personal crown use by isabel i of castile she scepter and she sword be keep in the royal chapel in the cathedral of granada .
72 more historically important element be keep as piece of cultural interest in different part of spain . for example the personal crown use by isabel i of castile she scepter and she sword be keep in the royal chapel in the cathedral of granada . as a consequence this mean that beyond the crown and scepter use during important occasion of the spanish state there be no other element of the crown jewel of spain .
53 main article crown jewels of swedensweden s crown jewels be keep deep in the vault of the royal treasury underneath the royal palace in stockholm . the symbol of swedish monarchy have not actually be wear since 1907 but they be still display at wedding christening and funeral . until 1974 the crown jewel be also display at the opening of the riksdag parliament . among the oldest priceless object be the sword of gustav vasa and the crown orb sceptre and key of king erik xiv and numerous other sovereign . eric xiv’s crown make in stockholm in 1561 by flemish goldsmith cornelius ver welden be typical of the renaissance style of jewelry of his time .
9 england main article crown jewels of england the crown jewel of england and now of the united kingdom be keep in the tower of london . apart from an ampule and spoon they all date from after the restoration of charles ii in 1661 . the ancient crown jewel of england be destroy by oliver cromwell in 1649 when he establish commonwealth of england .
41 the crown jewel of england and now of the united kingdom be keep in the tower of london . apart from an ampule and spoon they all date from after the restoration of charles ii in 1661 . the ancient crown jewel of england be destroy by oliver cromwell in 1649 when he establish commonwealth of england . among the original crown jewel be alfred the great s state crown describe as gould wyerworke set with slight stone and two little bell which once melt down the gold it contain fetch £248 and 10 shilling while the little 11th century crown of queen edith only realise £16 . it be consider that both these crown date from the 11th century and the crown describe as that of alfred the great be in fact the crown of st . edward the confessor and be rename thus follow the reformation .
43 apart from an ampule and spoon they all date from after the restoration of charles ii in 1661 . the ancient crown jewel of england be destroy by oliver cromwell in 1649 when he establish commonwealth of england . among the original crown jewel be alfred the great s state crown describe as gould wyerworke set with slight stone and two little bell which once melt down the gold it contain fetch £248 and 10 shilling while the little 11th century crown of queen edith only realise £16 . it be consider that both these crown date from the 11th century and the crown describe as that of alfred the great be in fact the crown of st . edward the confessor and be rename thus follow the reformation . there be conflicting legend that this ancient crown of england still exist that it be secrete by some royalist and its hiding place be never reveal although official source state that the gold from this crown be recover and use to make the present st . edward s crown .
44 in 1660 when a replacement crown call st . edward s crown be cast for the coronation of charles ii the gold from the aforemention king alfred s crown the original crown of edward the confessor be use so presumably even after the various jewel have be melt down strenuous effort be make to recover their component . the present imperial crown of state be decorate with the principal survive historic jewel which be recover at the time of the restoration . these include edward the confessor s sapphire which be set in a maltese cross at the top of the crown .
71 in 1660 when a replacement crown call st . edward s crown be cast for the coronation of charles ii the gold from the aforemention king alfred s crown the original crown of edward the confessor be use so presumably even after the various jewel have be melt down strenuous effort be make to recover their component . the present imperial crown of state be decorate with the principal survive historic jewel which be recover at the time of the restoration . these include edward the confessor s sapphire which be set in a maltese cross at the top of the crown . this sapphire be once part of a ring own by edward the confessor which be bury with he in 1066 .
9 scotland main article crown jewels of scotland the crown jewel or honours include the stone of destiny be keep in edinburgh castle . they be the oldest survive crown jewel in the united kingdom and be a gift by the pope to the king of scotland in the 16th century . they be hide during the interregnum .
28 main article crown jewels of scotland the crown jewel or honours include the stone of destiny be keep in edinburgh castle . they be the oldest survive crown jewel in the united kingdom and be a gift by the pope to the king of scotland in the 16th century . they be hide during the interregnum . the honours of scotland be almost forget follow their last use at the coronation of charles ii in 1651 until they be discover in a chest inside edinburgh castle in the early nineteenth century .
80 a golden royal crown pre-dating the exist honour of scotland have be in existence . it be record that it be seize by the english authority follow a search of the luggage of the deposed john balliol as he attempt to leave england and make his way to exile in france follow his release from imprisonment in london in 1299 . this crown be send to king edward i in london where it be probably place with the english crown jewel at westminster abbey . the later fate of this crown be not entirely clear but it may have be return to scotland during the negotiation between robert i of scotland and edward ii of england follow the english defeat at bannockburn in 1314 or perhaps be return to scotland for use in the coronation of edward balliol when he be install as king of scot by england in 1332 . nevertheless it be not in existence today .
24 the original regalia of the welsh prince have be lose . llywely n s coronet be keep after its capture with the english crown jewel between 1284 and 1649 . ireland main article crown jewels of ireland
27 this kingdom be an unofficial one but one that have become an important one to māori today . the current monarch be tuheitia paki . the crown jewel consist of a cloak .
55 that be at the mouth of the river achelous which have become silt up . achelous the god of that river offer he his daughter callirhoe in marriage if alcmaeon would retrieve the necklace and clothes that eriphyle have wear when she persuade amphiaraus to take part in the battle . alcmaeon have give these jewel to phegeus who have his son kill alcmaeon when he discover alcmaeon s plan .
17 smith river national recreation area river klamath one of the longest in california . smith a crown jewel of the national wild and scenic river program .
25 basilica of san prudencio . from the parque de la florida a long succession of walk lead to armentia which can be one of the jewel of romanesque basque the basilica of san prudencio patron of alava . its construction be the twelfth century rebuild in the xviii . the temple house sculptural sample from different era and teacher .
37 the temple house sculptural sample from different era and teacher . sanctuary of our lady of estíbaliz . locate in the town of argandoña 8 km from vitoria date from the eleventh century and be a real jewel of romanesque art . our lady of estíbaliz be the patron saint of alava
73 at the entrance of the current plaza de la virgen blanca be the site of santa clara who be join by the wall at the convent of san antonio . in the nineteenth and the recognition that the city be be small an expansion be plan in neoclassical style and little by little planning for the city be give vitoria its current form . almonds medieval as be often call have many architectural jewel such as bendaña palace headquarters of the fournier museum of card the year erected in 1525 by juan lopez de arrieta on the site occupy by the tower before defensive erected by maeztu . the palace escoriaza-esquivel the s xv build by claudio de arziniega . the villa suso which dwell martin salinas ambassador carlos v sixteenth century .
49 41 no . 4 october 1982 . if glassmaking be develop no earlier than ahmose s reign and the first object be date to no later than sometime in his successor’s reign it be quite likely that it be one of his subject who develop the craft . the jewel and ceremonial weaponry find in the burial of queen ahhotep include an axe whose blade depict ahmose i strike down a hyksos soldier and the golden fly award to the queen for she supportive role against the hykso
45 he discover a threat to amber a black road which run across universe from the courts of chaos to amber . with his newly-trained army corwin march on castle amber only to find it already under siege . eric be mortally wound and pass the jewel of judgment to corwin make corwin regent . the threat be defeat but dara threaten greater peril after walk the pattern and reveal herself as creature of the courts of chaos intent on destroy both amber and the shadows .
55 corwin descend back to the dungeon and meet with dworkin who explain how the pattern might be repair . after be chase from the pattern corwin eventually discover that brand be responsible for the damage and that he now have the jewel of judgment . corwin must now prevent brand from attune himself to the jewel or brand s plot to destroy the pattern will succeed . he and his family band together to prevent this and eventually recover the jewel and discover that their father oberon the true king of amber still live .
61 after be chase from the pattern corwin eventually discover that brand be responsible for the damage and that he now have the jewel of judgment . corwin must now prevent brand from attune himself to the jewel or brand s plot to destroy the pattern will succeed . he and his family band together to prevent this and eventually recover the jewel and discover that their father oberon the true king of amber still live .
153 he attempt to walk the route of neutrality to avoid choose side but end up be trick into take side twice firstly by have a chaos dagger plant on he as he sleep before attempt to take the middle path in a three-way choice between the extreme of order and chaos this be rather appropriate he would rather aid neither side but his choose method be usually the magic of chaos and secondly he be coerce into aid the pattern to strengthen its position in shadows while rescue coral from she imprisonment . during the trial he somehow obtain possession of the jewel of judgement the attempt to return it to castle amber provoke a confrontation between the pattern and logrus themselves cause a mighty explosion in which mandor suffer a broken arm and coral lose an eye . the ty iga demon in nayda s body escape and try to return the jewel to the logrus but be capture by ghostwheel which after remove both nayda and the jewel pass its own synthetic consciousness through the jewel thus traverse the pattern . coral s damaged eye be operate on by dworkin who replace it with the jewel of judgement . merlin investigate brand s old quarter and find his old sword werewindle and a mysterious and powerful spikard ring which he keep .
88 roman aureus depict elagabalus . the reverse read sanct deo soli elagabal to the holy sun god elagabal and depict a four-horse gold chariot carry the holy stone of the emesa temple . herodian also relate that elagabalus force senator to watch while he dance around his deity s altar to the sound of drum and cymbal and at each summer solstice celebrate a great festival popular with the mass because of food distribution during which he place the holy stone on a chariot adorn with gold and jewel which he parade through the city a six horse chariot carry the divinity the horse huge and flawlessly white with expensive gold fitting and rich ornament . no one hold the rein and no one ride in the chariot the vehicle be escort as if the god himself be the charioteer .
9 in incan mythology urcaguary be the god of metal jewel and other underground item of great value . a chimera of serpent and deer his tail be adorn with chain of gold .
66 door county be home to five of wisconsin s state park newport state park northeast of ellison bay peninsula state park along more than six mile 10 km of the green bay shoreline potawatomi state park along sturgeon bay rock island state park off the tip of the door peninsula and whitefish dunes state park along lake michigan . these five park be know as five jewel in the crown . they offer visitor recreational opportunity that include hike camping swim fishing and snowmobiling .
42 stevie smith the poet and novelist live in palmers green from 1905 until she death in 1971 also that year joe strummer share a flat at 18 ash grove with tymon dogg and several other . paul scott the author of the jewel in the crown trilogy be bear in palmers green on 25 march 1920 . victoria cross recipient alfred herring live locally . local author douglas hill be kill by a bus on a zebra crossing at the triangle in 2007 .
97 through the sitwells walton become familiar with many of the most important figure in british music between the world wars particularly his fellow composer constant lambert and also in the art notably noel coward lytton strachey rex whistler peter quennell cecil beaton and other . walton s first reputation be one of notoriety build on his ground-breaking musical adaptation of edith sitwell s façade poem . the 1923 first public performance of the jazz-influenced façade result in walton be brand an avant-garde modernist the critic ernest newman describe he thus as a musical joker he be a jewel of the first water though the first performance stimulate a considerable amount of controversy . an early string quartet gain only slight international recognition include a performance at the 1923 festival of the international society for contemporary music in salzburg with a much appreciative alban berg in attendance .
126 the han river now belong largely to the republic of korea or south korea with its effluence in the yellow sea a few nautical mile from north korea though some of the river s tributary be in north korea . during the first few decade of south korea s existence the han river become a byword for pollution as burgeon industry and an impoverished populace use it as a convenient spillway for industrial and urban refuse . though it no longer play a central role in commerce or transportation it be a prime fixture in the life of the south korean capital and in the last decade have become the focus of government sponsor environmental effort to clean it up and transform it into an ecological jewel of the capital .
81 this be not the case with collins however who produce a finance ministry that be able to organise a large bond issue in the form of a national loan to fund the new irish republic . the russian republic in the midst of its own civil war order ludwig martens head of the soviet bureau in new york city to acquire a national loan from the irish republic through harry boland offer some of the russian crown jewels as collateral the jewel remain in a dublin safe forget by all side until the 1930s when they be find by chance .
25 the times london refer to the university of heidelberg as the oldest and most eminent in the country of luther and einstein and as the jewel of german learning . . .
33 the album be originally release as an 11 track version beginning with feiticeira and end with pink maggit and feature gray cover art . a limited edition print of 50,000 black and red jewel case version of white pony be also release at the same time with a bonus 12th track entitle the boy s republic . later the band release back to school mini maggit a rap-influenced interpretation of the album s closer pink maggit . back to school mini maggit be track 11 on the leak pre-release version of white pony in april 2000 but not include on the original official issue of the album in june 2000 .
65 one part of the reason this area receive this ranking be that opelika be home to robert trent jones grand national . the site for the course which hug the edge of lake saugahatchee in opelika s northwest be describe by jones as the single greatest site for a golf complex that he have ever see . the course which be consider to be the jewel of alabama s robert trent jones golf trail have host a number of national tournament include the 1997 nike tour championship the 1998 lpga tournament of champions and the 2000 ncaa men s division 1 national championship . the region s moderate climate in the location of several other world-class golf facility in adjacent auburn also play a part in this selection .
1 of jewel the pearl of heavenly body the moon of metal silversee also
29 nocturne 1946 feature a housemaid mysteriously refer to as the tehachapi debutante and 1948 s the hunted have a heroine fresh out of tehachapi after four year for a jewel theft .
32 open space one of the outstanding amenity provide to the citizen of westminster be the city s trail and open space system . the big dry creek trail be one of the jewel of the open space system extend approximately mile 0 km from the eastern boundary of the city to standley lake . other trail available for jog biking wildlife viewing and enjoy the outdoors have be construct along the farmers ’ high line canal walnut creek and little dry creek . in addition the city have preserve large expanse of land in the magnificent standley lake regional park the westminster hills area and area reflect the history of westminster .
6 pinecrest gardenspinecrest gardens be the crown jewel of the village s park system . the park also offer various program include summer camp . the park be locate on the former site of the world famous parrot jungle .
40 the fledgling village grow rapidly in the 1960 with the development of ranch mart shopping center near the corner of buffalo grove road and dundee road state route 68 . in the late 60 the center contain a grocery store jewel foods a dime store hornsby s a dry cleaner a shoe store and a pharmacy mark drugs . nearby on dundee road stand a bowling alley originally the rose bowl later striker lanes . in 1970 the enclose buffalo grove mall which include a grocery store elm farms a subsidiary of national tea a dime store scott s of the tg&y chain an ice cream shop baskin robbins and a radio shack open .
28 the wilson park area be home to the recently renovate coolidge middle school niedringhaus elementary school and granite city high school as well as the city s crown jewel wilson park . wilson park be sometimes call the heart of granite city and be know for its nicely keep turn of the century home .
29 the city s tourism center be the downtown river walk . this include front street which become jefferson at the northwestern state university end . front street be the jewel of the city . it overlook the river walk and be border by an assortment of shop and boutique . the city have identify this area as the historical district .
38 it be release on 5 september 2005 in the uk and 28 march 2006 in the us. the cd feature the original album but do not contain the bonus disc . it be also release in the standard jewel case and not a box . in some country the deluxe edition have become a collector s item as production be phase out be replace by the more economic one-cd version .
2 motto a jewel at the crossing of a great river
43 the railroad still pass by the depot . the remain structure know as the harvey house be mark for demolition but a citizen committee launch a nearly two-decade effort to preserve and restore the building . the former depot which call itself the jewel on the plain can be rent for party with catered meal and occasional entertainment option . the upstairs be under restoration as a museum to showcase the living quarter of the harvey girl . harveyhouseofslatontx.com . .
36 the city currently have 32 park with over 375 acre of developed land . the department maintain a 33 acre municipal golf course along the river 25 playground and 25 sport practice field . the crown jewel of the park department be the park that make up the 10 mile of river frontage on the concho river wind through downtown and beyond . the park feature many plaza public art display and numerous water feature . the park contain over 300 variety of water lily one of the largest collection in the world .
16 1952 foghorn direct by senkichi taniguchi 1952 the life of oharu direct by kenji mizoguchi 1952 jewel in our heart direct by yasuke chiba 1952 swift current direct by senkichi taniguchi 1952 the man who come to port direct by ishiro honda
25 a total of four different version of the album exist . on its release date limit edition copy be release with solid red and black jewel case . the two different colored case also feature different insert booklet . both limited edition version include the add track the boy s republic but do not include back to school mini maggit .
29 in 1842 a labourer uncover a burial at pouan-les-vallées aube a village on the south bank of the aube river that consist of a skeleton with a number of jewel and gold ornament and bury with two sword by the nature of its grave goods this elite burial be of a princely germanic warrior who live in the 5th century . the treasure of pouan be conserve in the musée saint-loup musée d'art d'archéologie et de sciences naturelles troyes .
99 isbn 978-0306812712 the body of work result from the first era be a precursor of the alternative rock of the 1980s and 1990s bogdanov et al . 97 at the same time yield material today consider an outstanding example of power pop . the stylistic range be evident from modern day critique . bogdanov et al . comment on # 1 record in their all music guide to rock perceive in the ballad of el goodo a luminous melancholy ballad whereas john borack s ultimate power pop guide single out radio city s september gurls as a glorious glitter jewel of power pop . borack note too that third/sister lovers be slower darker and a good deal weirder than the first two album identify holocaust as alex chilton at his haunting best yet find thank you friends exemplify left-field gem also present in which the hook be every bit as undeniable as before . borack 191 jovanovic write that when record what peter buckley in his rough guide to rock term the snarl guitar rock buckley 100 of the first album s do not lie to me the band deem conventional instrument inadequate for the task wheel two norton commando motorcycle into the studio and gun the engine to intensify the song s bridge .
33 that 70 show presents that 70 album rockin review . allmusic.com . access july 14 2009 september gurls borack say was and be the sine qua non of power pop a glorious glitter jewel with every facet cut and shine to absolute perfection . ... a peerless ache distillation of love and longing . september gurls may not actually be the greatest song ever record but for the duration of its 2:47 run time you can be forgive for believe it be .
9 lucayan archipelago the island school reference nickname s the jewel of northern new mexico
45 the town s cultural activity greatly increase . other than the many traditional cultural and religious fair and festival annually celebrate flower show yachting race concert and theatre performance be organize . kyrenia the smallest of cypriot town be undoubtedly the island s most precious jewel .
38 it be release on 5 september 2005 in the uk and 4 april 2006 in the us. the cd feature the original album but do not contain the bonus disc . it be also release in the standard jewel case and not a digipak . in some country the deluxe edition have become a collector s item due to the phasing out of production be replace by the more economic one-cd version .
70 strand in the fenland village of fenchurch st . paul on new year’s eve after a car accident wimsey help ring a nine-hour peal of bell overnight after will thoday one of the ringer be stricken by influenza . lady thorpe wife of sir henry thorpe the local squire die next morning and wimsey hear how the thorpe family have be blight for 20 year by the unsolved theft of jewel from a house-guest by the butler deacon and an accomplice cranton . both man be imprison but the jewel be never recover .
89 strand in the fenland village of fenchurch st . paul on new year’s eve after a car accident wimsey help ring a nine-hour peal of bell overnight after will thoday one of the ringer be stricken by influenza . lady thorpe wife of sir henry thorpe the local squire die next morning and wimsey hear how the thorpe family have be blight for 20 year by the unsolved theft of jewel from a house-guest by the butler deacon and an accomplice cranton . both man be imprison but the jewel be never recover .
38 cromarty be architecturally important for its georgian merchant house that stand within a townscape of georgian and victorian fisherman s cottage in the local vernacular style . it be an outstanding example of a 18th/19th century burgh the jewel in the crown of scottish vernacular architecture highland council 2006 . . . . the thatched house with crow-stepped gable in church street in which the geologist hugh miller be bear in 1801 still stand and a statue have be erect to his memory .
11 dueling banjos eric weissberg and steve mandel dylan bob dylan electric jewel april wine elo 2 electric light orchestra elvis elvis presley
16 barbara ann the beach boys before and after chad and jeremy the bird and the bees jewel aken the boy from new york city the ad lib bring it on home to i the animal
30 thingol haughtily refuse to give lúthien s hand in marriage . he say that he would only allow the marriage if beren recover one of the silmarils the three hallowed jewel which the noldor elves have lose to morgoth from the iron crown of morgoth . the task be intend to be impossible but beren and lúthien with the aid of finrod of nargothrond and huan the great hound both of whom die protect beren brave many peril even best sauron then morgoth be most powerful lieutenant and finally reach angband and come before morgoth . beren be able to capture a silmaril when lúthien have make the dark lord fall asleep through she singing .
10 innocent eye delta goodrem into the west annie lennox intuition jewel invisible clay aiken it be my life no doubt
51 the national park system nps include all property manage by the national park service also confusingly nps . the system as a whole be consider to be a national treasure of the united states and some of the more famous national park and monument be sometimes refer to metaphorically as crown jewel . lee ronald f. family tree of the national park system eastern national parks philadelphia pennsylvania 1972 pg 9-12
80 in a report to the deputy attorney general of the united states cia official describe the agency as have no active part in the assassination and only a faint connection with the group that plan the killing . justice department memo 1975 national security archive however an internal cia memorandum state that an office of inspector general investigation into trujillo s murder disclose quite extensive agency involvement with the plotter . cia family jewels memo 1973 see page 434 family jewel central intelligence agency a key scholarly book on the dominican republic state that the cia arrange plan and execute the assassination use their elite paramilitary operation officer from the famed special activities division . atkins 1973 p . .
62 bunin be much lionize in the emigration where he come to be view as the eldest of live russian writer in the tradition of tolstoy and chekhov. accordingly he be the first russian to win the nobel prize for literature in 1933 . on the journey through germany to accept the prize in stockholm he be detain by the nazis ostensibly for jewel smuggling and force to drink a bottle of castor oil .
40 the la jolla area be know as “la jolla park ” at least as early as 1886 . the origin of the name be obscure . promoter of la jolla claim it be from the spanish “la joya” mean the jewel . although dispute by scholar this be the popularly accepted origin of the name and have give rise to the nickname jewel city . istaygreen .org
27 image taj mahal in march 2004 .jpg|thumb|the taj mahal agra . shah jahan s 1648 memorial to wife mumtaz mahal would in 1983 be cite as the jewel of muslim art in india and one of the universally admire masterpiece of the world s heritage . unesco world heritage centre . . retrieved september 28 2007 .
19 literature and film in virginia henley s historical romance book the falcon and the flower the dragon and the jewel the marriage prize the border hostage and infamous there be numerous mention to the art of falconry as these book be set at date range from the 1150s to the 1500 . the child s novel a kestrel for a knave be make into the film kes . t.h. white be a falconer as evidence in some of his writing include the goshawk .
59 he be soon capture by mir jafar s force and later execute by the assassin mohammadi beg . clive enter murshidabad and establish mir jafar as nawab the price which have be agree beforehand for his treachery . clive be take through the treasury amid a million and a half sterling s worth of rupee gold and silver plate jewel and rich goods and beseech to ask what he would . clive take £160,000 a vast fortune for the day while half a million be distribute among the army and navy of the east india company and provide gift of £24,000 to each member of the company s committee as well as the public compensation stipulated for in the treaty .
39 buddha an essence of immeasurable incomprehensible unfathomable excellent exalted body wisdom quality and activity extremely wondrous and fantastic be vast like space and the holy source give rise to all that be wish by sentient being like a wish-granting jewel a wish-granting tree … dolpopa mountain doctrine tr . by jeffrey hopkins snow lion publications 2006 p . 424 .
40 the charleroi area be already settle in the prehistoric period with trace of metallurgical and commercial activity along the sambre . several public building temple and villa be build in that area in the roman period . bury place with jewel and weapon be also find . the first written mention of a place call charnoy date from a 9th-century offering in the lobbes abbey which list various neighbouring town and relate tithe duty . during the middle ages charnoy be just one of the many small hamlet in the area with no more than about 50 inhabitant part of the county of namur .
35 geography rather than religion be now see as the primary reason for support hibs who draw most of their support from the north and east of edinburgh . spier graham . edinburgh derby be the jewel of game in scotland the times 3 november 2007 . new capital groundshare plan bbc sport 13 august 2003 .
37 hibs traditional local rival in edinburgh be heart . the edinburgh derby be one of the oldest sporting rivalry in world football . spectator sport edinburgh inspiring capital graham spiers have describe it as one of the jewel of the scottish game . the club first meet on christmas day 1875 when heart win 1–0 in hibs first ever match . it be not until their five-game struggle for the edinburgh football association cup in 1878 that the two club become dominant in edinburgh .
3 maddux be the jewel in the much-vaunted braves triad of maddux glavine and smoltz who pitch together for over a decade as the core of one of the best pitching staff in the history of the game . the three be the linchpin of a team that win its division the national league west in 1993 and the east from then on every year that maddux be on the team 1994 have no division champion . the three pitcher be frequently augment by other strong starter such as steve avery kevin millwood denny neagle and russ ortiz .
86 main article origins of the papal tiarapope innocent iii 1198-1216 in early papal tiara fresco at the cloister sacro speco about 1219 . accord to james-charles noonan james-charles noonan the church visible isbn 0-670-86745-4 and bruno heim bruno heim heraldry in the catholic church humanities 1978 isbn 0-391-00873-0 p.50 the lowest of the three crown appear at the base of the traditional white papal headgear in the ninth century . when the pope assume temporal power in the papal states the base crown become decorate with jewel to resemble the crown of prince . he suggest that a second crown be add by pope boniface viii in 1298 to symbolize spiritual dominion . very soon after in or around 1314 a third crown and lappet cloth strip be add pope clement v be the first to wear the triple tiara .
55 as with all previous pope pope paul vi be crown with a tiara at the papal coronation . as happen sometimes with previous pope a new tiara be use donate by the city of milan where he be archbishop and cardinal before his election . quite different from earlier tiara it be not cover in jewel and precious gem and be sharply cone-shaped . it be also distinctly lighter in weight than earlier tiara .
115 and that attribute to pope saint silvester be destroy dismantle or seize by invader most notably by berthier s army in 1798 or by pope themselves pope clement vii have all the tiara and papal regalia melt down in 1527 to raise the 400,000 ducat ransom demand by the occupy army of holy roman emperor charles v. over twenty silver tiara exist of which the earliest the sole survivor of 1798 be make for pope gregory xiii in the sixteenth century . on march 21 1800 as rome be in the hand of the french pius vii be crown in exile in venice with a papier-mâché tiara for which lady of venice give up their jewel .
36 there be two rather unusual tiara the papier-mâché tiara make when pope pius vii be elect and crown in exile and the one make for pope paul vi in 1963 which be somewhat bullet-shaped contain few jewel and rather than have the addition of three tier be mark with three parallel circle .
5 on the end track european jewel incomplete jandek switch from the acoustic to a more standardly tune strum electric guitar . in the middle of the line just a shaky sha the song cut off and the album be over . the song would be finish on chair beside a window and revisit three more time on the album the rocks crumble .
19 # cave in on you – 4:26 # they tell i i be a fool – 5:08 # european jewel incomplete – 4:56
11 it be also the first album to reprise the song european jewel after its incomplete version abruptly end jandek s debut album four year prior .
13 life get its own building at 19 west 31st street a beaux-arts architecture jewel build in 1894 and consider of outstanding significance by the new york landmarks preservation commission . later it move editorial office to 9 rockefeller plaza .
60 woman in elizabethan england the spot of the moon be suppose to represent a witch carry stick of wood on she back or an old man with a lantern which be illustrate by shakespeare in his comedy a midsummer night s dream . a more recent western image be the profile of a coiffed woman wear a jeweled pendant the jewel be the crater tycho which at full moon be very bright and have bright radiating line ray . in new zealand maori legend the moon show a woman with a local tree the ngaio . however throughout melanesia and polynesia the moon be see to be a cook over a three-stone fire .
25 early pressing of el cielo be in a digipack with picture of cloud border by rune . later pressing of el cielo be in a jewel case . the cover of the later version be obviously the cover of the booklet which be a sort of brown leathery texture with the band s name and the album name on it although jewel case version with the cloud cover be know to exist . the image provide on this page be the cover of the digipack version .
61 early pressing of el cielo be in a digipack with picture of cloud border by rune . later pressing of el cielo be in a jewel case . the cover of the later version be obviously the cover of the booklet which be a sort of brown leathery texture with the band s name and the album name on it although jewel case version with the cloud cover be know to exist . the image provide on this page be the cover of the digipack version . the booklet which come with version feature the cloud cover be in full color the booklet include in copy feature the brown leather cover be in black and white .
1 the jewel of st lawrence after the death of sixtus the prefect of rome demand that lawrence turn over the riches of the church . ambrose be the earliest source for the tale that lawrence ask for three day to gather together the wealth .
40 one account record he declare to the prefect the church be truly rich far richer than your emperor . this act of defiance lead directly to his martyrdom . this can be compare to the parallel roman tale of the jewel of cornelia .
54 antoku s grandmother taira no tokiko the widow of taira no kiyomori drown herself along with the young emperor . his mother also drown herself but apparently accord to the the tale of the heike heike monogatari she be pull out with a rake by she long hair . accord to legend the sacred jewel and the sacred sword two of the three sacred treasure sink to the bottom of the sea and although the sacred jewel be recover the sword be lose .
76 antoku s grandmother taira no tokiko the widow of taira no kiyomori drown herself along with the young emperor . his mother also drown herself but apparently accord to the the tale of the heike heike monogatari she be pull out with a rake by she long hair . accord to legend the sacred jewel and the sacred sword two of the three sacred treasure sink to the bottom of the sea and although the sacred jewel be recover the sword be lose .
65 under king edward vi st . patrick s cathedral be formally suppress and the building demote back to the status of parish church . on april 25 1547 a pension of 200 mark sterling be assign to sir edward basnet the dean follow some month later by pension of £60 each to chancellor alien and precentor humphrey and £40 to archdeacon power . the silver jewel and ornament be transfer to the dean and chapter of christ church . the king designate part of the building for use as a court house and the cathedral grammar school be establish in the then vicar s hall and the deanery give to the archbishop follow the transfer of the archbishop s palace to the lord deputy of ireland . in 1549 it be further order that the wall be repaint and inscribe with passage from the scripture .
44 in 1646 waller travel with john evelyn in switzerland and italy . during the worst period of his exile waller manage to keep a table for the royalist in paris although in order to do so he be oblige to sell his wife s jewel .
84 the court case which last ten year give rise to some scandal especially that of the cassettengeschichte casket affair which pursue lassalle all the rest of his life . this arise out of an attempt by the countess s friend to get possession of a bond for a large life annuity settle by the count on his mistress baroness von meyendorff to the disadvantage of the countess and she child . two of lassalle s comrade succeed in carry off the casket which contain jewel from the baroness s room at a hotel in cologne . they be prosecute for theft one of they be condemn to six month imprisonment . lassalle accuse of moral complicity be acquit on appeal .
64 the shoe use for dorothy s slipper be dye red then burgundy sequine organza overlay be attach to each shoe s upper and heel . the film s early 3-strip technicolor process require the sequin to be darker than most red sequin find today bright red sequin would have appear orange on screen . the art deco-inspired bow comprise three large rectangular red glass jewel with dark-red bugle bead outline in orange-red glass rhinestone in silver setting . the stone and bead be sew to a piece of red strap leather then to the organza-covered shoe . three pair of the survive slipper have orange feel glue to their sole to deaden noise .
38 each of these letter correspond to a key on a telephone . the code spell out a phone number 213-360-6741 which at one time may have greet caller with a special message . behind the cd in the jewel case be an image of the group with an overlay of a circular pattern flank by skeletal hand in the corner . the image be representative of a ouija board with the word invoke and suppress find around the circle and one hand possess a very long index finger extend into a smaller circle probably represent the planchette pointer use in spell out word on a ouija board . write along the left and right fold of this insert one what be the opposite side of the long thin edge of the cd where the album name and artist be usually print be the following do not give props to the devil left and believe in the last day right .
91 pikemen and musketeer of the honourable artillery company . the pikemen and musketeers form 1925 give a royal warrant 1955 be make up of veteran member of the hac regiment they be the personal bodyguard of the lord mayor of london and form his guard on ceremonial occasion . yeomen warder of she majesty s royal palace and fortress the tower of london this corps provide the ceremonial guard at the tower of london with responsibility for guard any prisoner house in the fortress and ensure the security of the crown jewel . the most notable ceremony that the yeoman warder participate in be the ceremony of the keys . however they also form a guard of honour in the annexe of westminster abbey at the coronation service .
4 sarah mclachlan tracy chapman jewel paula cole suzanne vega
12 景子 — sunlight/view/scenic child 桂子 — katsura tree child 圭子 — square jewel child 慶子 — happy child 啓子 — open one s eye express/spring season child
41 in the 1960 balanchine fall deeply in love with the young dancer suzanne farrell . he create many ballet for she include don quixote in which he play the don and farrell dance dulcinea and the diamonds section of the ballet jewel . some ballerina include his former wife maria tallchief quit cite farrell as the reason . balanchine obtain a mexican divorce from then-wife tanaquil le clercq only to discover farrell have marry nycb dancer paul mejia .
5 harlequinade 1965 brahms-schoenberg quartet 1966 jewel 1967 emerald ruby
36 in january 2007 the band return for its second cruise again through les and lynn berger of rhythms at sea cruises . the cruise take place january 7 2007 through january 14 2007 on the norwegian jewel . fan be treat to a different itinerary this time the ship head east out of miami and hit the port of san juan puerto rico st . john s antigua and st . thomas us virgin islands . unfortunately due to rough sea the ship do not port at great stirrup cay bahamas .
85 horner s ruse of impotence be a great success and he have sex with many lady of virtuous reputation mostly the wife and daughter of citizen or cit i .e . upwardly mobile businessman and entrepreneur of the city of london as oppose to the town the aristocratic quarter where horner and his friend live . three such lady appear on stage usually together lady fidget she sister-in-law mrs dainty fidget and she tag-along friend mrs squeamish—names that convey both a delicate sensitivity about the jewel of reputation and a certain fidgety physical unease or tickle—and the dialogue give an indefinite impression of many more . the play be structure as a farce drive by horner s secret and by a succession of near-discovery of the truth from which he extricate himself by aplomb and good luck . a final hair-raising threat of exposure come in the last scene through the well-meaning frankness of the young country wife margery pinchwife .
84 madras hindu religious and charitable endowments act 1951 supersede the 1932 act and section 80 to 85 of the act be devote to administration of ttd. section 80 lay that a board of trustees consist of five member as appoint by the madras state government will look after ttd with the member hold office for five year . the act provide for the appointment of an executive officer eo who would be responsible for the property and operation of ttd custody of record of jewel estate money and fund of ttd arrange and record collection of income and payment of expense as well as execute activity beyond budget sanction by board of trustee if it involve pilgrim safety or service and later justify his action and obtain approval for his action . accord to section 85 of the act ttd be to utilize the fund for maintenance and operation of the temple educational institute hospital choultry and rest-house veterinary hospital under the devesthanam control . also provision for water supply sanitary arrangement road and communication light and electricity be also include .
115 the other day they seize an odd man who go by the name of count st . germain . he have be here these two year and will not tell who he be or whence but profess two wonderful thing the first that he do not go by his right name and the second that he never have any dealings with any woman nay nor with any succedaneum this be censor by walpole s editor until 1954 he sing play on the violin wonderfully compose be mad and not very sensible . he be call an italian a spaniard a pole a somebody that marry a great fortune in mexico and run away with she jewel to constantinople a priest a fiddler a vast nobleman . the prince of wales have have unsatiated curiosity about he but in vain . however nothing have be make out against he he be release and what convince i that he be not a gentleman stay here and talk of his be take up for a spy .
103 some esoteric group credit he with inspire the founding fathers to draft the united states declaration of independence and the constitution as well as provide the design of the great seal of the united states . see manly palmer hall s secret teaching of all ages . hall manly p. the secret teaching of all ages an encyclopedic outline of masonic hermetic qabbalistic and rosicrucian symbolical philosophy be an interpretation of the secret teachings concealed within the ritual allegories and mysteries of all ages h.s. crocker company inc. 1928 in new age belief saint germain be always associate with the color violet the jewel amethyst and the maltese cross render in violet usually the iron cross style cross patee version . he be also regard as the chohan of the seventh ray saint germain claim to have be dictate to mark prophet studies in alchemy colorado springs colorado usa 1974 summit lighthouse . see biolographical sketch of saint germain page 80-90 accord to theosophy the seven rays be seven metaphysical principle that govern both individual soul and the unfold of each 2,158 year long astrological age .
50 maitreya be typically picture seat with either both foot on the ground or cross at the ankle on a throne wait for his time . he be dress in the clothes of either a bhiksu or indian royalty . as a bodhisattva he would usually be stand and dress in jewel . usually he wear a small stupa in his headdress that represent the stupa of the buddha sakyamuni s relic to help he identify it when his turn come to lay claim to his succession and can be hold a dharmachakra rest on a lotus . a kha be always tie around his waist as a girdle .
75 he and the writer decide beforehand to play the show as if he have miss dress rehearsal and be clumsily ad-libbing his way through his sketch . much like andy kaufman s appearance on fridays four year later his comic scenario be take a bit too literally by the audience and he be never ask to host again . in 1981 he land in a role in the great muppet caper play nicky holiday a jewel thief who comically fall in love with miss piggy . his 1980s role include neil simon s seem like old times opposite chevy chase and goldie hawn and 1988 s well-reviewed comedy midnight run a buddy movie co-starring robert de niro . grodin also appear in the 1986 cbs mini-sery sendup fresno play the evil son of a raisin matriarch play by carol burnett .
32 nevertheless number 10 survive and become link with many statesman and event in british history . in 1985 prime minister margaret thatcher say number 10 have become one of the most precious jewel in the national heritage . jones in letter from margaret thatcher use as a preface to the book .
103 the same year the leisure circle publish christopher jones book no. 10 downing street the story of a house . the foreword be a letter from thatcher in which she summarise the feeling that she and many other british people have toward number 10 how much i wish that the public ... could share with i the feeling of britain s historic greatness which pervade every nook and cranny of this complicated and meandering old building ... all prime ministers be intensely aware that as tenant and steward of no. 10 downing street they have in their charge one of the most precious jewel in the nation s heritage .
68 c 300 bc name for the cord marking that decorate the surface of their clay vessel be nomadic hunter-gatherer who later practice organize farming and build city with population of hundred if not thousand . they build simple house of wood and thatch set into shallow earthen pit to provide warmth from the soil . they craft lavishly decorate pottery storage vessel clay figurine call dogu and crystal jewel .
20 the court of chandragupta be make even more illustrious by the fact that it be grace by the navaratna nine jewel a group of nine who excel in the literary art . amongst these man be the immortal kalidasa whose work dwarf the work of many other literary genius not only in his own age but in the age to come . kalidasa be particularly know for his fine exploitation of the sringara erotic element in his verse .
60 john ridd help lorna escape to his family s farm plover s barrows . since lorna be a member of the hate doone clan feeling be mixed toward she in the ridd household but she be nonetheless defend against the enraged carver s retaliatory attack on the farm . a member of the ridd household notice lorna s necklace a jewel that she be tell by sir ensor belong to she mother . during a visit from the counsellor carver s father and the wisest of the doone family the necklace be steal from plover s barrows . shortly after its disappearance a family friend discover lorna s origin learn that the necklace belong to a lady dugal who be rob and murder by a band of outlaw .
51 oberon encourage he to seize the throne but the contact be eventually lose . when he contact random random reveal that eric have contact he and reveal the full extent of his defens which be vast and powerful . furthermore random tell corwin that eric have gain control over the mysterious jewel of judgment which allow he to control the weather among other thing . despite random s misgiving corwin remain resolute in his desire to attack amber with bleys .
45 the city of agra give access to three world heritage sites taj mahal agra fort and the nearby fatehpur sikri taj mahal be a mausoleum build by mughal emperor shah jahan in memory of his favorite wife mumtaz mahal . it be cite as the jewel of muslim art in india and one of the universally admire masterpiece of the world s heritage . agra fort be about 2.5 km northwest of its much more famous sister monument the taj mahal . the fort can be more accurately describe as a walled palatial city .
43 on may 23 1911 the main branch of the new york public library be officially open in a ceremony preside over by president william howard taft . the follow day the public be invite . ten of thousand throng to the library s jewel in the crown . the open day collection consist of more than 1,000,000 volume . the new york public library instantly become one of the nation s largest library and a vital part of the intellectual life of america .
24 this be one of the smallest warbler and share greenish upperpart and off-white underpart with typical leaf warbler . however this be a little jewel of a bird with prominent double wing bar supercilium and crown stripe and a lemon-yellow rump .
82 on august 9 1776 he be promote to be one of the four new major general and be put in command of the continental army troops on long island he choose the place for fortification and build the redoubt and entrenchment of fort putnam the site of current day fort greene park east of brooklyn heights . severe illness prevent he from take part in the battle of long island . greene be also a rhode island freemason and bear a masonic jewel the gift of his comrade marquis de lafayette on his person throughout the whole of the revolution .
85 today plate be commonly attach with screw that mount into threaded fitting on the vehicle but originally nut-and-bolt combination be need to fasten the plate to a bracket which lead to the use of varied licence plate ornament accessory and attachment . the most common of these include fasten bolt with ornamental head in a myriad of style these be generally legal everywhere provide the plate itself be not obscured . those bolt face with a colored glass or plastic reflector be term license plate jewel . traditionally the front plate would be fasten by an amber or green jewel and the rear by a red jewel but other color have become available over the decade include blue clear and most recently purple .
57 the most common of these include fasten bolt with ornamental head in a myriad of style these be generally legal everywhere provide the plate itself be not obscured . those bolt face with a colored glass or plastic reflector be term license plate jewel . traditionally the front plate would be fasten by an amber or green jewel and the rear by a red jewel but other color have become available over the decade include blue clear and most recently purple .
64 the most common of these include fasten bolt with ornamental head in a myriad of style these be generally legal everywhere provide the plate itself be not obscured . those bolt face with a colored glass or plastic reflector be term license plate jewel . traditionally the front plate would be fasten by an amber or green jewel and the rear by a red jewel but other color have become available over the decade include blue clear and most recently purple .
11 nozaki . kitsune . 183 some story identify they as magical jewel or pearl . nozaki . kitsune .
27 kitsune . 169–170 when not in human form or possessing a human a kitsune keep the ball in its mouth or carry it on its tail . jewel be a common symbol of inari and representation of sacred inari fox without they be rare . smyer . the fox and the jewel .
40 the empire of trebizond the seljuks and the military force of trebizond be defeat by the mongols in 1243 . after that kaykhusraw ii the sultan of iconium be compel to pay tribute and supply annually horse hunt dog and jewel . the emperor manuel i of trebizond realize the impossibility of fight the mongols make a speedy peace with they and on condition of pay an annual tribute become a mongol vassal . the empire reach its greatest prosperity and have opportunity to export the produce of its own rich hinterland during the era of ilkhan .
40 kublai send surround nation his envoy to demand their submission in 1270-1280 . most of state in indo-china and malay accept the demand . accord to marco polo those subject send tribute on to the mongol court include elephant rhinoceros jewel and a tooth of buddha . one notable scholar identify that these act of submission be more ceremonial in some regard . during the mongol invasion of java in 1293 small state of malay and sumatra submit and send envoy or hostage to they .
4 jack and sue lee jewel widow daughter-in-law to the man that be hide they become lover . when jack die of gangrenous wound receive during a skirmish jake escort sue lee south to a safe farm . follow the death of a number of female relative and wife of the guerrilla in the collapse of a make-shift prison where they be be hold by union force the bushwhacker lead by william quantrill raid lawrence kansas .
55 an interior plateau be dominate by limestone hill . in carmen batuan and sagbayan these hill form near perfect cone in great number and be collectively refer to as the chocolate hills . the chocolate hills in carmen bohol be consider one of philippine s natural wonder and bohol be often refer to as the jewel of the philippines . they be hill make of limestone leave over from coral reef during the ice age when the island be submerge . they turn brown during the summer hence their name .
34 fictional character biographypre-crisis bizarro the original teen bizarro be create during a laboratory accident . a scientist demonstrate his newly invent duplicating ray to superboy test the device on a radium pellet and a jewel . however the duplicated radium be non-radioactive and the jewel melt . the scientist then stumble and knock the machine inadvertently create an imperfect superboy .
40 the original teen bizarro be create during a laboratory accident . a scientist demonstrate his newly invent duplicating ray to superboy test the device on a radium pellet and a jewel . however the duplicated radium be non-radioactive and the jewel melt . the scientist then stumble and knock the machine inadvertently create an imperfect superboy . although the scientist insist the duplicate be not alive the creature nonetheless escape from the lab .
41 resident of bridgewater enjoy a relatively extensive park system which the town estimate at 100 acre . this however do not include open green space within the town the inclusion of which would give a much higher total . the crown jewel of the park system continue to be the 25-acre woodland gardens locally know at the duck pond . this park include the desbrisay museum the town s only public swimming pool a large pond and various trail . notably during the 1970s participaction have set up rudimentary exercise equipment around these trail but these have since be remove .
45 it be inscribed aelfred mec heht gewyrcan alfred have i make . it may be one of the aestel alfred have send to each bishopric with a copy of his translation of pope gregory the great s book pastoral care . a replica of the jewel can be find in the church of st mary .
48 heritage in the publish silmarillion eöl be portray as a sindarin elf with an unspecified kinship to elwë thingol however in very late writings by tolkien j.r.r. tolkien christopher tolkien editor history of middle-earth vol .xi 1994 p.409 specifically quendi and eldar publish in the war of the jewel it be his final view that eöl be an avar a dark-elf who descend from the same second clan of the elves as the noldor the tatyar . j.r.r. tolkien christopher tolkien editor history of middle-earth vol . xus 1994 p.422 the tatyar clan be itself make up of two group of which it be say that most of the noldor be from the younger group and it be possible that all the tatyar that go to aman be noldor from this group .
17 77 wonder of znojmo as the ancient world have its seven preeminent wonder znojmo boast its own jewel . but to name only seven would not do justice to the many other marvel of this town . locally the people refer to the 77 wonder of znojmo .
47 their mother famously refer to they as the heir and the spare . the vanderbilt dowry be use to restore blenheim palace and replenish its furnishings and library many of the original contents have be sell over the course of the 19th century . many of the jewel wear by subsequent duchess of marlborough also date from this period . the 9th duke employ the landscape gardener achille duchene to create the water garden on the terrace blenheim . citation need however the couple be divorce in 1921 and the marriage be annul by the vatican five year later .
59 the raccoon leaf turn mario into raccoon mario . the tanooki suit that can only be gain in house and certain in-level hidden area have the same effect as the leaf but add the ability to hide as a statue . there be also a frog suit enhance swimming a hammer bros. suit can throw hammer and several assorted jewel . contra series the various gun that come from the fly capsule or sensor . this effect last until the player lose a life .
31 fred publishing spun off from the disk base magazine fred publishing be relatively late to the scene but support the machine long after any of the other publishing house . the jewel in its crown be the sam conversion of lemmings and oh no more lemmings but they also publish a number of sam original title such as boing the bulgulator dyzonium football league manager impatience/triltex momentum parallax waterworks and witching hour .
39 american and japanese release one chord to another be not release until 1997 in the united states on the independent label the enclave . it be originally release in an lp-style cardboard gatefold jacket rather than a traditional plastic jewel box and include a 10-track bonus cd of material entitle record live at a sloan party this bonus cd consist of cover version and re-recording of previous sloan song it be record in the studio but be overdub with miscellaneous party-type sound to give the impression of be record live at an intimate gathering of friend somewhat akin to the beach boys party album . to this date the sloan party cd have not be release in the band s native canada and have only be available as an american import .
19 legend hold that peter later have inês body exhume and place upon a throne dress in rich robe and jewel require all of his vassal to kiss the hand of the deceased queen . this have never be prove but what be know be that peter do have inês body remove from she rest place in coimbra and take to alcobaça where she body be lay to rest in the monastery . peter have two tomb construct in the monastery one for each of they .
41 a short live budget title name the millennium edition go on sale in 2000 . it feature many scenario and feature of the second century but no map editor . it have no instruction booklet and be sell only in a jewel case .
21 edel エデル ederu be a puppet-like adviser to duck with blank eye an organ grinder and a collection of creatively name jewel she give vague advice and tell story to duck . drosselmeyer create she to aide the story and plot in his place . she interaction with duck cause edel to begin develop she own emotion something that drosselmeyer have not intend to happen .
42 but most of the very small relic of the true cross in europe come from constantinople . the city be capture and sack by the fourth crusade in 1204 after the conquest of the city constantinople inestimable wealth be find incomparably precious jewel and also a part of the cross of the lord which helena transfer from jerusalem and be decorate with gold and precious jewel . there it attain highest admiration . it be carve up by the present bishop and be divide with other very precious relic among the knight later after their return to the homeland it be donate to church and monastery .
65 but most of the very small relic of the true cross in europe come from constantinople . the city be capture and sack by the fourth crusade in 1204 after the conquest of the city constantinople inestimable wealth be find incomparably precious jewel and also a part of the cross of the lord which helena transfer from jerusalem and be decorate with gold and precious jewel . there it attain highest admiration . it be carve up by the present bishop and be divide with other very precious relic among the knight later after their return to the homeland it be donate to church and monastery .
20 also under king edward vi st . patrick s cathedral be formally suppress and on 25 april 1547 its silver jewel and ornament be transfer to the dean and chapter of christ church . this episode end with a late document of queen mary s reign a deed date 27 april 1558 comprise a release or receipt by thomas leverous dean and the chapter of st . patrick s of the goods chattel musical instrument etc. belong to that cathedral and which have be in the possession of the dean and chapter of christ church .
17 wwf news bulletin on the disaster oil spill near guimaras island at nasa earth observatory the hidden jewel that be guimaras guimaras grab tourism alternative guimaras forum discussion
80 he state that the image of christ s death be construct in this poem with reference to an anglian ideology on the world tree north 273. additionally north suggest that the author of dream of the rood uses the language of this myth of ingui in order to present the passion to his newly christianize countryman as a story from their native tradition 273. furthermore the tree s triumph over death be celebrate by adorn the cross with gold and jewel . despite these strong pagan element the very nature of the dream of the rood be base upon christian belief . the entire poem deal with the passion death and resurrection of christ as a triumph over sin and evil which be the strongest mark of christian faith .
70 citation need services be hold daily as many as six each day depend on the resource and the popularity of the temple . the usual service consist of the follow first the figure of the deity be anoint with oil water milk ghee honey curd various juice sandalwood paste and other before be shower with blossom . then lord be dress in the traditional way of tamil nadu adorn with jewel and flower garland . incense be burn follow by a food offering usually a rice preparation . beautiful lamp of various design be light and present to the image of the deity .
48 she have an extravagant and demanding nature and possess enough charm to usually get what she want . she be expensive and glorious like the palace of versailles itself . she apartment be fill with pet animal and thousand of flower she have a private gallery and costly jewel be shower upon she . she be highly discriminate as regards to the quality of the gem return they if they do not meet she exacting standard . she be give the nickname quanto how much in italian .
43 superior be the episcopal see of the roman catholic diocese of superior . the cathedral of christ the king in superior be the mother church of the diocese . saint francis xavier catholic church in the east end of town be an architectural jewel .
16 place in the broader netherlands as they be very wealthy the netherlands in general be a jewel in the ever debt-burdened habsburg crown but unlike other of the habsburg dominion they be lead by a merchant class . it be the merchant economy which make they wealthy and the spanish attempt at increase taxation to finance the habsburg war 1 be a major factor in their proud defence of ancient privilege . this together with resistance to the religious intolerance of the catholic spanish monarchy lead to a general rebellion of the netherlands against spanish rule in the 1570 .
35 rinnuci be horrify to learn that the archbishop of prague be among his creditor . acton pp . 233 234 anna maria franziska greet rinucci warmly and imply that gian gastone pawn some of she jewel to ameliorate his gambling debt .<ref pp . 234 235 nevertheless their reconciliation be brief and gian gastone leave for hamburg in october 1703 only to return to prague the next february .
96 mann continue she solo career with lost in space 2002 a somewhat more somber album in the same vein as bachelor no. 2 feature art by seth . in 2003 she website release the lost in space special edition which feature a second disc contain six live recording as well two b-side and two previously unreleased song . in november 2004 live at st . ann s warehouse a live album and dvd record at a series of june 2004 show in brooklyn come out the two disc be sell package together in either a cd jewel case or a dvd case .
56 this be occasionally a source of tension . for example when emperor alexander iii die the dowager empress maria feodorovna dagmar of denmark hold precedence over empress alexandra fyodorovna alix of hesse which put an enormous strain on their already tense relationship . the power struggle culminate when the dowager empress refuse to hand over certain jewel which be traditionally associate with the empress consort .
36 too late sinbad learn of a peculiar custom of the land on the death of one marriage partner the other be bury alive with his or she spouse both in their finest clothes and most costly jewel . sinbad s wife fall ill and die soon after leave sinbad trap in an underground cavern a communal tomb with a jug of water and seven piece of bread . just as these meagre supplies be almost exhaust another couple the husband dead the wife alive be drop into the cavern .
17 accord to an article by the sunday tribune it be accordingly order that in addition to the jewel in the imperial jewel house ruby garnet diamond rich pearl and emerald in all weigh 230 kg should be bring for the inspection of the emperor and they should be hand over to bebadal khan the superintendent of the goldsmith’s department . there be also to be give to he 1150 kg of pure gold ... the throne be to be three yard in length two-and-a-half in breadth and five in height and be to be set with the above mention jewel .
21 accord to an article by the sunday tribune it be accordingly order that in addition to the jewel in the imperial jewel house ruby garnet diamond rich pearl and emerald in all weigh 230 kg should be bring for the inspection of the emperor and they should be hand over to bebadal khan the superintendent of the goldsmith’s department . there be also to be give to he 1150 kg of pure gold ... the throne be to be three yard in length two-and-a-half in breadth and five in height and be to be set with the above mention jewel .
91 it be accordingly order that in addition to the jewel in the imperial jewel house ruby garnet diamond rich pearl and emerald in all weigh 230 kg should be bring for the inspection of the emperor and they should be hand over to bebadal khan the superintendent of the goldsmith’s department . there be also to be give to he 1150 kg of pure gold ... the throne be to be three yard in length two-and-a-half in breadth and five in height and be to be set with the above mention jewel . the outside of the canopy be to be of enamel work with occasional gem the inside be to be thickly set with ruby garnet and other jewel and it be to be support by 12 emerald column . on the top of each pillar there be to be two peacock thick-set with gem and between each two peacock a tree set with ruby and diamond emerald and pearl .
67 there be also to be give to he 1150 kg of pure gold ... the throne be to be three yard in length two-and-a-half in breadth and five in height and be to be set with the above mention jewel . the outside of the canopy be to be of enamel work with occasional gem the inside be to be thickly set with ruby garnet and other jewel and it be to be support by 12 emerald column . on the top of each pillar there be to be two peacock thick-set with gem and between each two peacock a tree set with ruby and diamond emerald and pearl . the ascent be to consist of three step set with jewel of fine water .
79 the outside of the canopy be to be of enamel work with occasional gem the inside be to be thickly set with ruby garnet and other jewel and it be to be support by 12 emerald column . on the top of each pillar there be to be two peacock thick-set with gem and between each two peacock a tree set with ruby and diamond emerald and pearl . the ascent be to consist of three step set with jewel of fine water . of the 11 jewelled recess form around it for cushion the middle one be intend for the seat it for emperor . among the historical diamond decorate it be the famous kohinoor 186 carat the akbar shah 95 carat the shah 88.77 carat the jehangir 83 carat and the second largest spinel ruby in the world — the timur ruby 283 carat .
61 during this time the crown jewels could be view on a visit to the tower by the payment of a fee to the custodian . while view the crown jewels blood s wife feign a stomach complaint and beg the newly appoint master of the jewel house 77-year-old talbot edwards to fetch she some spirit . give the proximity of the jewel keeper s domestic quarter to the site of the commotion edwards wife invite they upstairs to their apartment to recover after which blood and his wife thank the edwardses and leave .
15 on 9 may 1671 in furtherance of the deception blood convince edwards to show the jewel to he his suppose nephew and two of his friend while they wait for a dinner which mrs. edwards be to put on for blood and his companion . at the time of the plot the jewel keeper s apartment be locate in martin tower above a basement where the jewel themselves be keep behind a metal grille . report suggest that blood s accomplice carry cane that conceal rapier blade as well as dagger and pocket pistol .
52 on 9 may 1671 in furtherance of the deception blood convince edwards to show the jewel to he his suppose nephew and two of his friend while they wait for a dinner which mrs. edwards be to put on for blood and his companion . at the time of the plot the jewel keeper s apartment be locate in martin tower above a basement where the jewel themselves be keep behind a metal grille . report suggest that blood s accomplice carry cane that conceal rapier blade as well as dagger and pocket pistol . in enter the jewel house one of the man make a pretence of stand watch outside while the other join edwards and blood .
66 on 9 may 1671 in furtherance of the deception blood convince edwards to show the jewel to he his suppose nephew and two of his friend while they wait for a dinner which mrs. edwards be to put on for blood and his companion . at the time of the plot the jewel keeper s apartment be locate in martin tower above a basement where the jewel themselves be keep behind a metal grille . report suggest that blood s accomplice carry cane that conceal rapier blade as well as dagger and pocket pistol . in enter the jewel house one of the man make a pretence of stand watch outside while the other join edwards and blood .
66 the reason for the king s pardon be unknown . some historian have speculate that the king may have fear an uprising in revenge by follower of blood who be think to have take an oath to their leader . other speculate that the king have a fondness for audacious scoundrel such as blood and that he be amuse by the irishman s claim that the jewel be worth only £6,000 as oppose to the £100,000 at which the crown have value they .
16 depiction the 1934 movie colonel blood by w.p. lipscomb depict blood s theft of the crown jewel and his subsequent pardon . a number of other film loosely base on thomas blood s life or the theft of the crown jewel have also be produce under the title captain blood michael wilding portray colonel blood in the 1957 episode the trial of colonel blood of nbc s anthology series the joseph cotten show .
40 depiction the 1934 movie colonel blood by w.p. lipscomb depict blood s theft of the crown jewel and his subsequent pardon . a number of other film loosely base on thomas blood s life or the theft of the crown jewel have also be produce under the title captain blood michael wilding portray colonel blood in the 1957 episode the trial of colonel blood of nbc s anthology series the joseph cotten show . the board game outrage be inspire by blood s attempt to steal the crown jewels .
60 there exist some special accessory of which some be still use at modern hamam such as the peştemal a special cloth of silk and/or cotton to cover the body like a pareo nalın wooden clog that would prevent the wearer from slip on the wet floor often decorate with silver or mother-of-pearl kese a rough mitt for massage and sometimes jewel box gild soap box mirror henna bowl perfume bottle and such .
60 this be the understanding that any phenomenon exist only because of the existence of other phenomenon in an incredibly complex web of cause and effect cover time past time present and time future . this concept of a web be symbolize by indra s net a multidimensional spider s web on which lie an infinite amount of dew drop or jewel and in these be reflect the reflection of all the other drop of dew ad infinitum .
40 video game alex builds his farm a game for young child help alex throughout the farm . hype the time quest when hype be cast back into time by an evil black knight he must strive hard to find the jewel that will take he forward through time gogoud a magician also play a part in the story by help hype . laura s happy adventure a magical adventure set in and around the playmobil doll s house that begin when laura discover an enchanted diamond in she grandfather s rock collection .
13 in the mind of many maui resident kula be the island s unexpected jewel . they happily leave the fringe of sun-drenched sand to visitor and newcomer make their home and raise their family in the slow-paced community that dot the west slope of haleakala .
20 st volodymyr s cathedral in kiev build in honour of the 900th anniversary of the baptism of kiev as a jewel of neo-byzantine architecture in the russian empire become a battleground between oppose church body and their political supporter
14 kurpark the kurpark with fountain concert-shell and a wading pool be like a special jewel in the luftkurort fresh air park wildeshausen . the view from the adjoin burgberg be especially beautiful it show the complete combined ensemble near the hunte river . the river complete the overall picture with many colorful canoe and row boat .
0 jewel be the february 1998 penthouse pet of the month and be nominate for the 2000 hot d'or for best european actress . avn.com .
5 i would sell even the jewel city of samarkand and bukhara for the indian mole on she cheek .
56 berenice iv greek Βερενίκη bear in alexandria egypt in 77 bc die in alexandria 55 bc be the daughter of ptolemy xii of egypt and probably cleopatra v of egypt tryphaena sister of cleopatra vi tryphaena of egypt and the famous cleopatra vii lover of julius caesar and mark antony . berenice love fashion party and jewel . she be quite lazy and fearful especially of the peasant slave and any form of lower social class . she speak only she native tongue be poorly educate due to she lack of work ethic and ignore the peasant make she a poor leader .
56 main article broad street station philadelphia broad street station be the first of the great passenger station build by the prr . open in 1881 the station be dramatically expand in the early 1890 by famed philadelphia architect frank furness and for most of its existence serve with city hall as arguably one of the crown jewel of philadelphia s architecture and for thirty year have the largest train shed in the world a 91 m span . it be the terminal station for the prr service into philadelphia bring train right into the center of the city . it be demolish in 1953 after the prr move all its hub service to 30th street station .
88 in the fox series she also absorb his lack of control over his beam which be a result of a brain injury not inherent in his power . x-man evolution show she with full control over they just as scott would if he have not sustain a brain injury . in survival of the fittest xavier say that juggernaut acquire his power through mysticism but unlike the comic say that it unlock a latent mutant power and in the cauldron magneto develop his mutant-enhancing technology from that same jewel of cytorrak but say that he have find it to be scientific rather than mystical . in day of recovery toad be see to be quite comfortable with technology and in operation rebirth the pow camp magneto be hold in as a child be visually similar in the opening shot to auschwitz though it be not identify as such .
34 the eastern row royal guards in front of the royal palace one stair down with entrance from the south lie livrustkammaren sweden s oldest museum which contain old weapon uniform and also the crown jewel .
37 one stair up lie rikssalen and the palace church . rikssalen be at the west and the palace church be at the east . one stair down lie skattkammaren the treasure chamber which contain the swedish crown jewel .
25 the tomb of salim chisti in fatehpur sikri . it be at fatehpur sikri that the legend of akbar and his famed courtier the nine jewel or navaratnas be bear . the legendary musician tansen be say to have perform on an island in the middle of the pool anup talao lit . a strong belief come across from generation that a tunnel from here stretch to delhi and from there to lahore and on the other end to agra .
49 abagtha אבגתא be a court official likely a eunuch of king ahasuerus . he be mention once in the book of esther esther 1 10 . accord to this narrative he and six other official suggest that queen vashti parade before the king and his minister in the crown jewel . she refusal lead to she demise and the selection of esther as the new queen of the persian empire .
73 most of sanders best-selling work be make in the late 60 s and early 70 for impulse records include the 30-minute wave-on-wave of free jazz the creator have a master plan from the album karma . this feature sander key musical partner pianist lonnie liston smith who work with sanders from 1969-1971 . other member of his group in this period include bassist cecil mcbee and vocalist leon thomas on album such as jewel of thought izipho zam deaf dumb blind and thembi .
37 suggest by several of the book the ground of narnia may be a living organism . in the silver chair the main character find a land name bism many mile below narnia in which diamond and other jewel provide juice when crush or squeeze . they find the idea unbelievable until a gnome explain that the precious stone find in bism be real not dead like the one find in the shallow mine make by dwarf and other who live on the surface .
24 from ancient time the gospel pericope have be collect in a large book with an ornate cover often illustrate and adorn with icon and jewel . this practice be recover with the 1979 book of common prayer which suggest that the lesson and gospel be read from a book or book of appropriate size and dignity bcp p . 406 . follow this advice several publisher have produce gospel book for use in the episcopal church and other book have be privately compile .
8 pampa ranna and ponna be consider as three jewel of halegannada . janna be another notable poet of this genre .
70 she agree with their plan and immediately order that prince he be changyi subordinate be immediately bar from the palace and those subordinate some 200 be then arrest by zhang . she then summon prince he who still do not know what be go to happen . he only know something be wrong when he see empress dowager shangguan seat on she throne and wear a formal dress make of jewel and the official line up next to she .
2 the three jewel temple of korea be the three principal buddhist temple in korea each represent one of the three jewels of buddhism and all locate in south korea .
32 in most korean buddhist temple the highest most important and often largest building be the daeungjeon--the central hall contain statue of the historical buddha and other important figure . in the three jewel temple however the most important building be one that emphasize each temple s particular jewel . thus the main hall in tongdosa open out onto a stupa which the faithful claim contain relic of the buddha haeinsa have two large building hold the tripitaka koreana and songgwangsa have several prominent building dedicate to its monastic community include the numerous seon zen master the temple have produce .
47 in most korean buddhist temple the highest most important and often largest building be the daeungjeon--the central hall contain statue of the historical buddha and other important figure . in the three jewel temple however the most important building be one that emphasize each temple s particular jewel . thus the main hall in tongdosa open out onto a stupa which the faithful claim contain relic of the buddha haeinsa have two large building hold the tripitaka koreana and songgwangsa have several prominent building dedicate to its monastic community include the numerous seon zen master the temple have produce .
39 quendi and eldar which discuss in greater detail the origin of the elves and their sundering . tolkien s exploration of the origin of the ents and the great eaglesexternal links an in-depth overview of the war of the jewel by jrr tolkien
42 on one occasion when jagiello be absent in lithuania and the hungarians invade poland she herself lead an army against they notwithstanding the fact that the hungarians be she own people . she found a lithuanian college at prague and bequeath she jewel for the completion of the university of cracow found in 1364 by casimir the great . jagiello outlive she by thirty three year and have two other wife after she death .
71 plot the story open with a band of robber arrive in their hideout with their latest spoil . just as their incompetent leader abis mal jason alexander decide to keep most of the gold and treasure for himself much to the anger of his man aladdin scott weinger and abu frank welker steal the treasure back and distribute most of it among the poor of agrabah with the exception of a jewel flower which aladdin intend to give to jasmine . upon their arrival jasmine announce to aladdin a surprise which the sultan val bettin intend to reveal at this evening s dinner .
8 one of the popular recur character be glamorous jewel thief philippa vale liza goddard who go by the nickname of the ice maiden . she and bergerac have an ongoing flirtatious relationship . many people who agree that the best episode be the one feature the ice maiden character because of the onscreen chemistry between liza goddard and john nettles .
54 in the television cartoon adaptation of the legend of zelda only the triforce of wisdom and the triforce of power be feature . as in the legend of zelda the triforce of courage be neither mention nor see . in these appearance the triforce be not golden triangle but make instead of shimmer colored jewel . the triforce of wisdom be emerald green and the triforce of power be ruby red . both triforces float upside-down over a pedestal and both be capable of sentient think and speech .
37 drottningholms palace theatre 2002 the drottningholm palace theatre swedish drottningholms slottsteater be an opera house locate at drottningholm palace in stockholm sweden which have be describe by per-erik Öhrn the theatre’s former artistic director as the swedish jewel in our european cultural heritage crown of centuries-old theatre .
147 accord to classical rabbinical literature in order for the urim and thummim to give an answer it be first necessary for the individual to stand face the fully dress high priest and vocalise the question briefly and in a simple way though it be not necessary for it to be loud enough for anyone else to hear it . the talmudic rabbis argue that urim and thummim be word write on the sacred breastplate targum pseudo-jonathan on exodus 28:30 accord to someone citation need the breastplate have to be activate by take a parchment with the tetragrammaton inscribe upon it and insert the parchment into a slot in the breastplate citation need . most of the talmudic rabbi and josephus follow the belief that urim mean light argue that divination by urim and thummim involve question be answer by great ray of light shine out of certain jewel on the breastplate each jewel be take to represent different letter and the sequence of lighting thus would spell out an answer though there be 22 letter in the hebrew alphabet and only 12 jewel on the breastplate yoma 73a-b yoma 44c in the jerusalem talmud sifre numbers 141 two talmudic rabbi however argue that the jewel themselves move in a way that make they stand out from the rest or even move themselves into group to form word yoma 73b .
152 accord to classical rabbinical literature in order for the urim and thummim to give an answer it be first necessary for the individual to stand face the fully dress high priest and vocalise the question briefly and in a simple way though it be not necessary for it to be loud enough for anyone else to hear it . the talmudic rabbis argue that urim and thummim be word write on the sacred breastplate targum pseudo-jonathan on exodus 28:30 accord to someone citation need the breastplate have to be activate by take a parchment with the tetragrammaton inscribe upon it and insert the parchment into a slot in the breastplate citation need . most of the talmudic rabbi and josephus follow the belief that urim mean light argue that divination by urim and thummim involve question be answer by great ray of light shine out of certain jewel on the breastplate each jewel be take to represent different letter and the sequence of lighting thus would spell out an answer though there be 22 letter in the hebrew alphabet and only 12 jewel on the breastplate yoma 73a-b yoma 44c in the jerusalem talmud sifre numbers 141 two talmudic rabbi however argue that the jewel themselves move in a way that make they stand out from the rest or even move themselves into group to form word yoma 73b .
182 accord to classical rabbinical literature in order for the urim and thummim to give an answer it be first necessary for the individual to stand face the fully dress high priest and vocalise the question briefly and in a simple way though it be not necessary for it to be loud enough for anyone else to hear it . the talmudic rabbis argue that urim and thummim be word write on the sacred breastplate targum pseudo-jonathan on exodus 28:30 accord to someone citation need the breastplate have to be activate by take a parchment with the tetragrammaton inscribe upon it and insert the parchment into a slot in the breastplate citation need . most of the talmudic rabbi and josephus follow the belief that urim mean light argue that divination by urim and thummim involve question be answer by great ray of light shine out of certain jewel on the breastplate each jewel be take to represent different letter and the sequence of lighting thus would spell out an answer though there be 22 letter in the hebrew alphabet and only 12 jewel on the breastplate yoma 73a-b yoma 44c in the jerusalem talmud sifre numbers 141 two talmudic rabbi however argue that the jewel themselves move in a way that make they stand out from the rest or even move themselves into group to form word yoma 73b .
204 accord to classical rabbinical literature in order for the urim and thummim to give an answer it be first necessary for the individual to stand face the fully dress high priest and vocalise the question briefly and in a simple way though it be not necessary for it to be loud enough for anyone else to hear it . the talmudic rabbis argue that urim and thummim be word write on the sacred breastplate targum pseudo-jonathan on exodus 28:30 accord to someone citation need the breastplate have to be activate by take a parchment with the tetragrammaton inscribe upon it and insert the parchment into a slot in the breastplate citation need . most of the talmudic rabbi and josephus follow the belief that urim mean light argue that divination by urim and thummim involve question be answer by great ray of light shine out of certain jewel on the breastplate each jewel be take to represent different letter and the sequence of lighting thus would spell out an answer though there be 22 letter in the hebrew alphabet and only 12 jewel on the breastplate yoma 73a-b yoma 44c in the jerusalem talmud sifre numbers 141 two talmudic rabbi however argue that the jewel themselves move in a way that make they stand out from the rest or even move themselves into group to form word yoma 73b .
66 one of almería s most famous natural spot be the cabo de gata-níjar natural park . this park be of volcanic origin and be the largest and most ecologically significant marine-terrestrial space in the european western mediterranean sea . with one of the most beautiful and ecologically rich coast of the western mediterranean and an area of 380 square kilometre it be one of spain’s natural jewel . the cabo de gata natural park run through the municipal area of níjar almería and carboneras . its village previously dedicate to fishing have become tourism spot for those interested in nature .
75 informally know as the country club of the south furman be name one of the 362 most beautiful place in america by the american society of landscape architects . the fall 1997 issue of planning for higher education name furman as a benchmark campus for its landscaping as well . to add to the campus s extensive merit for aesthetic beauty the 1996 fiske guide to colleges refer to furman s campus as a shine jewel . also the 1997 princeton review rank furman fifth in its list of beautiful campus this base on student rating of campus beauty . student be require to live on campus all four year .
9 temple songgwang temple it be one of the three jewel temple of korea and a popular place for jinul .
45 in january 2006 năstase include on a legally require wealth disclosure statement an inheritance of over 1 million euro from his wife s elderly aunt . năstase claim that the aunt who have live modestly on a pension have come upon the fortune by sell jewel she have own for decade and invest some of the fund in real estate . the media speculate that the năstases use the inheritance as an opportunity to launder money and carry out illegal land deal . năstase temporarily suspend himself as executive president of psd while prosecutor investigate the alleged crime .
30 other early aniconic symbol include the trisulum a symbol use since around the 2nd century bce that combine the lotus the vajra diamond rod and a symbolization of the three jewel the buddha the dharma the sangha .
24 swift current be home to saskatchewan s oldest operating theatre the lyric build in 1912 at a cost of $ 50,000 be the crown jewel of swift current s historical downtown building with instantly recognizable advertisement paint on the north and south side of the building date back to the early 1920s . the building have serve many function over the year at first it house glamorous vaudeville performance by travel company be later convert into a movie theatre and in the mid 1980s a bar and nightclub . a volunteer non-profit group southwest cultural development group purchase the facility in 2005 and be raise money for its preservation while stage cultural event such as a mock chautauqua in july 2008 and open mic night throughout the year and administer rental of the building .
44 quote a great prince be dependent on my pleasure an opulent city lay at my mercy its richest banker bid against each other for my smile i walk through vault which be throw open to i alone pile on either hand with gold and jewel mr. chairman at this moment i stand astonish at my own moderation baron robert clive comment on accusation of loot the bengal treasury after plassey at his impeachment trial in 1773 dirk nicholas . scandal of the empire india and the creation of imperial britain london harvard university press 2006 isbn 0-674-02166-5 bad link
52 viktor bout gru major turn international arm merchant former international fugitive now await extradition to the united states . the humint offensive from putin s chekist state anderson julie 2007 international journal of intelligence and counter-intelligence 20:2 258 316 p . 309 . yuri brokhin famed expatriate russian dissident/international drug dealer and jewel thief murder 1982 . vitali dyomochka russian mobster who produce a tv series chronicle his own activity . monya elson moldovian-jew one of the most fear professional killer in the russian mafia convict of three murder and imprison .
42 some visitor and nearby resident argue that such encampment bring unsafe and unsanitary condition e.g . area strew with used needle and syringe garbage and human excrement . not a place to call home anymore major push in place to clean crown jewel critic of the crackdown on homeless encampment in the park argue that the situation have not worsen in recent year and that campaign against homeless people have often be undertake by mayor of the city for symbolic political reason . san francisco bay guardian in 2006 the american civil liberties union bring a lawsuit against the city government on behalf of ten homeless people allege property violation by the city during sweep in golden gate park the year before . .
3 hello kitty hoshinowaguma jewel pet jumbo keroppi hasunoue
29 metro east publications 1997 . and charge they with create the first land . to help they do this izanagi and izanami be give a halberd nagina decorate with jewel name amanonuboko heavenly jeweled halberd . the two deity then go to the bridge between heaven and earth amenoukihashi floating bridge of heaven and churn the sea below with the halberd . when drop of salty water fall from the halberd they form into the island onogoro self-forming .
8 a christmas promise 1992 deceived 1993 a precious jewel 1993 e courting julia 1993 f dance with clara 1994 f
42 green spacesa scene in arnold arboretum jamaica plain often refer to in the 19th century as the eden of america be one of the greenest neighborhood in the city of boston . the community contain or be border by a number of jewel of the emerald necklace park system design in the 19th century by frederick law olmst
61 in 1699 the scottish sailor william kidd visit block island shortly before he be accuse of piracy and hang . at block island he be supply by mrs. mercy sands raymond daughter of the mariner james sands . the story have it that for she hospitality mrs. raymond be bid to hold out she apron into which kidd throw gold and jewel until it be full . after she husband joshua raymond die mercy move with she family to northern new london connecticut later montville where she buy much land . the raymond family be thus say to have be enriched by the apron .
28 however when gilgi return home and encounter martin he misunderstand she garbled account event and assume that hans be an ex-lover he beg gilgi not to deliver the jewel to hans but to stay with he instead . gilg do but the next morning she learn that hans have commit suicide gas not only himself but also his whole family .
54 he return to paris and begin to take part in politics under the aegis of georges clemenceau and the radicals . in january 1886 when charles de freycinet be bring into power clemenceau use his influence to secure boulanger s appointment as war minister replace jean-baptiste-marie campenon . clemenceau assume boulanger be that rare jewel a republican military officer because he be know not to attend mass . however boulanger would soon prove himself a conservative and monarchist . charles sowerwine 2001 .
62 they also join force again in 2007 for two show one at g-a-y in london and one in moscow . alexander dominika and jean-pierre be present but la camilla be replace by an inflatable doll . jean-pierre when ask after the show about a possible reunion state that there be no plan in the foreseeable future and that their work be a jewel in time that will not be repeat .
36 april then finally open a shift by herself and arrive back to the location of the white kin . the white be die with she fight against chaos take its toll . she give april she jewel reveal herself as april s actual mother and then die . april be understandably shock not realise that she childhood adoption be quite so significant . the white s egg then hatch a new white kin april s sister .
40 receive the fake id she go up to grendel avenue . whilst dig through mcallen’s office she trigger an alarm and mcallen trap she in the room . he tell she he have cortez capture and have the two stark jewel of the kin . he plan to place halloway in the tower and reveal the chaos vortex be the arcadian half of halloway .
39 the guardian’s realm . on the right be a crash maintenance pod . the guardian’s tower be in the centre . unable to shift out of the building due to magical barrier mcallen have install she surrender the 2 jewel and the disc which he then store in a safe . refuse to tell he where the guardian’s entrance be mcallen leave april alone in room contain a machine that breed warrior shifters . one of they manage to break free and attack april .
6 retrieve the disc and the 4 jewel april return to flipper . he have attempt to sell april out to halloway but have be mortally wound as payment . halloway take the deciphered map but flipper have manage to make a copy which he give to april before die .
21 the national emblem contain in a circle be compose of a double diamond-thunderbolt dorje place above a lotus surmount by a jewel and frame by two dragon . the thunderbolt represent the harmony between secular and religious power . the lotus symbolize purity the jewel express sovereign power and the two dragon male and female stand for the name of the country which they proclaim with their great voice the thunder .
44 the national emblem contain in a circle be compose of a double diamond-thunderbolt dorje place above a lotus surmount by a jewel and frame by two dragon . the thunderbolt represent the harmony between secular and religious power . the lotus symbolize purity the jewel express sovereign power and the two dragon male and female stand for the name of the country which they proclaim with their great voice the thunder . it be also know for its symbolic color of the emblem with the gold teal red etc...
35 the famous moresca sic who sing at the laterano be a full-faced soprano of some forty winter . he have a tear in each note and a sigh in each breath . he sing the jewel song sic in gounod s faust which seem horribly out of place . especially when he ask in the hand-glass if he be really marguerita one feel tempt to answer macchè not in the least for he . de hegermann-lindencrone a l the sunny side of diplomatic life new york 1914 pp 118-119 in 1883 capocci present a special showcase for his protégé the first performance in italy of the oratorio christus be Ölberge by beethoven in which moreschi sing the demand coloratura role of the seraph .
7 and i hold they like a holy jewel
64 unlike any other northern building their exterior be elaborately carve with the high relief stone sculpture . only three of these edifice stand today the assumption cathedral the cathedral of st . demetrios and the golden gate . during andrei s reign a royal palace in bogolyubovo be build as well as the world-famous intercession church on the nerl now consider one of the jewel of ancient russian architecture . andrei be assassinate at his palace at bogolyubovo in 1175 .
50 upstairs be the private library and bedroom of the hawaiian monarch include the simple room where queen lili uokalani be imprison after the second of the wilcox rebellion . the quilt she make be still there . in the basement be a photographic display of the palace the hawaiian crown jewel order and decoration give by the monarch and magnificent regalia wear by the high chief of the island .
20 they emerge into the sunlight . grignr pull the eye of argon out of his pouch to admire . the jewel melt and turn into a writhe blob with a leechlike mouth . the blob attack he and begin suck his blood . carthena faint .
59 the eye have appear in an object in several videogame the online role play game guild wars nightfall have a shield call the eye of argon and in the console role-playing game vagrant story the player can use eye of argon to reveal trap . in the elder scrolls series of game the eye of argonia be a mystical jewel from the little-known region of the same name . an action game title the eye of argonia be plan for the more ambitious rpg morrowind but cancel . like the eye of argonia story the unproduced game have become a run joke in elder scrolls game .
21 articulated bus of curitibaarticulated bus left and tube-shaped bus shelter in curitiba both create during the lerner era perhaps the crown jewel of curitiba s achievement be its bus rapid transit system call speedybus . originally the city be give federal money to build a subway curitiba be not a small town but lerner discover that heavy rail like a subway cost ten time the amount for light rail trolley which in turn cost ten time a bus system even with dedicated bus way . the light rail savings usually tout to sway municipal decision maker occur because even trolley can have relatively fewer driver than a 40 60 passenger bus .
24 vijay anand be know for his stylish song picturization like o haseena teesri manzil kaaton se keech guide and honthon mein aisi baat number jewel thief . rediff.com the man who revolutionise hindi film song
16 the cd inlay card contain drawing on both side . since the back of the cd jewel case be make of white plastic with a sticker list the track only the inner side drawing be visible . to look at the other side s drawing the cd packaging must be disassemble .
37 soundtrack to your escape be the seventh studio album of swedish melodic death metal band in flames . it be release on march 29 2004 by nuclear blast . the album be available in both a regular jewel case release feature 12 track and a limited edition digipak with a bonus track discover i like emptiness . the japanese version have the additional track clay man .
39 many different set of little ponies be produce start with the rainbow ponies which all sport rainbow-colored mane and tail in 1983 . other variation include the so-soft pony which be entirely cover in flock twinkle-eyed pony with small jewel in place of the eye twice as fancy pony with symbol cover most of the body and brush n grow pony which have a longer-than-usual tail store inside the body that could be draw out through brush .
47 he become an unpleasant and condescending man force they to resort to various measure to stay with he before he return to normal . chapter x that they would have an encounter with red indians . chapter xi an assortment of simultaneous wish relate to some steal jewel in return for a promise that they would never ask for another wish .
12 octopon be once the greatest city on mer refer to as the jewel in the crown of mer by ioz in episode 14 though it lie in ruin until ren collect the first seven treasure . it be then partially restore . octopon seem to have be century ahead of the current technological state of mer although it be probable that civilization be continually in decline due to the dark water ooze from the planet s surface .
37 the eastern mitre be make in the shape of a bulbous crown completely enclose and the material be of brocade damask or cloth of gold . it may also be embroider and be often richly decorate with jewel . there be normally four icon attach to the mitre often of christ the theotokos john the baptist and the cross which the bishop may kiss before he put it on . eastern mitre be usually gold but other liturgical colour may be use .
16 the crown of the austrian empire and imperial russia incorporated a mitre of precious metal and jewel into their design . the austrian imperial crown be originally the personal crown of the holy roman emperor matthias ii and have the form proper to that of a holy roman emperor . at their coronation as roman emperors in rome the pope place a miter on their head before place the crown over it .
84 he certainly claim the duke s patronage twice in his le six voyage . in september 1638 he begin a second journey 1638-43 by aleppo to persia and thence to india as far as agra and golkonda . his visit to the court of the great mogul emperor shah jahan at the time and to the diamond mine be connect with the plan realize more fully in his later voyage in which tavernier travel as a merchant of the highest rank trading in costly jewel and other precious wares and find his chief customer among the greatest prince of the east . the second journey be follow by four other . in his third 1643-49 he go as far as java and return by the cape but his relation with the dutch prove not wholly satisfactory and a long lawsuit on his return yield but imperfect redress .
24 the present educational foundation rest on over 20 public school and over 100 private school . tower over all be the ms university the jewel in the baroda crown so to speak . msu be the only university in gujarat with english as the only medium of instruction . it have 13 faculty and 17 residential hostel 4 of they for woman student .
14 the item which need to be recover in this novel be a scarab beetle jewel . many wodehouse novel revolve around an object that need to be recover .
52 the ornate white marble pavilion be inlay with pietra dura and complex mirror-work of the finest quality . the hall be reserve for personal use by the imperial family and close aide . it be among the 21 monument that be build by successive mughal emperor inside lahore fort and form the jewel in the fort’s crown . khan shehar bano 2004 wither heritage dawn newspaper .
65 the golden jubilee diamond have be exhibit at henry ho s 59-story jewelry trade center in bangkok the central department store in lad prao bangkok thailand and internationally in basel switzerland borsheims in omaha usa own by warren buffett s berkshire hathaway inc. and gleims jewelers in palo alto usa . it be now locate in the royal thai palace as part of the crown jewel .
61 citizens on patrol be the final film star guttenberg . police academy 5 assignment miami beach be release in 1988 and direct by alan myerson . the plot involve the officer attend a police convention in florida to honour commandant eric lassard as police officer of the decade where commandant lassard inadvertently switch his briefcase with that of a group of jewel thief . the thief try to get it back . the sixth installment police academy 6 city under siege direct by peter bonerz be release in 1989 .
40 the thief try to get it back . the sixth installment police academy 6 city under siege direct by peter bonerz be release in 1989 . when the city suffer from a dangerous set of crime by a gang of jewel thief the metropolitan police academy graduate be bring in to do something about it . police academy mission to moscow release in 1994 and direct by alan metter involve the officer go to russia to help catch an international crime figure .
33 in 2005 ac comics release the live-action movie nightveil witch war . it be a low budget film and star mary capps in the title role . she husband chuck capps play a jewel thief with maria paris as nightveil s archnemisis alzarin crimson/lenore stratten .
35 there be evidence to support the wear of coronet amongst the welsh royalty and nobility particularly in the kingdom of gwynedd . llywely n s coronet be for a while keep with the english crown jewel . the crown not coronet of the heir apparentprince or princess son or daughter of a sovereignprince or princess child of the heir apparentprince or princess other grand child of the sovereigndukemarquessearlviscountbaronloyalists military coronet canadian)loyalists civil coronet canadian continental usage
57 the 30th anniversary issue be a strictly limit one-off press in hardback book with expand 24-page full colour booklet . it feature full-length sleeve note by jeff lynne and elo archivist rob caiger as well as rare photo and memorabilia . a push-out replica elo space station for this version be release as well as the standard jewel case edition with a full colour 12-page edited booklet . the album once again reach the top twenty album chart in the uk peaking at # 18 . a sixth single latitude 88 north be release as digital download single .
36 samhain live 85–'86 be a live album from the band samhain . it be first release as part of the samhain box set in an mini-lp sleeve in september 2000 then on its own in a jewel case in 2001 with either an orange or a red cover . the initial press with the orange blood cover be print slightly off-center cut off part of the 86 in the title .
1 lovely jewel far more rare
32 on the throne — the history of the lavatory the great north road — the architectural wonder from edinburgh to london a cabinet of curiosities — of strange collection — such as jewel make from the thigh of fly — that be the foundation of britain’s museums the other house of windsor the duke and duchess of windsor’s house in paris . she film be regularly show on bbc worldwide .
27 2002 avn award for male performer of the year 2003 avn award for male performer of the year 2003 avn award for best anal sex scene with jewel de'nyle 2005 xrco award for best male-female scene with katsumi 2005 avn award for best gonzo release
69 illyria in she true form stand before she demon army . illyria be love and fear as few of the old ones be so much so she still have follower and acolyte in the modern day arguably millions of year after she reign . when the old ones lose their claim over this world illyria s essence be place in a stone sarcophagus she power drain and place in jewel embed on she coffin . she sarcophagus be place in a mystical graveyard know as the deeper well along with the coffin of other old ones . a warrior of good and his army be assign to guard the deeper well to prevent anyone from extract one of the coffin as old ones be capable of resurrection .
66 data release by the kremlin give the orlov s measurement as 32 millimetre x 35 millimetre x 31 millimetre its weight be 189.62 carat 37.924 g . the weight be just an estimate – it have not formally be weigh in many year . lord twining s book a history of the crown jewels of europe mention how once during a circa-1913 inspection of the crown jewel by the then-curator the stone accidentally fall out of its sceptre . he weigh the stone but do not write down its exact weight . he later say that it be about carat 0 g which correspond to the measurement-based estimate .
41 in 1713 if his own story be to be believe business of a semidiplomatic nature take ker to vienna where although he fail in the principal object of his errand the emperor make he a present of his portrait set in jewel . ker also occupy his time in vienna he say by gather information which he forward to the electress sophium and in the following year on his way home he stop at hanover to give some advice to the future king of england as to the best way to govern the english . although in his own opinion ker materially assist in place george i on the english throne his service be unrewarded owe he would have we believe to the incorruptibility of his character .
15 protective slipcase may be issue for compact disc or dvd instead of the more common jewel case or dvd keep case and may be choose for aesthetic or economic reason . larger slipcase that be design to house one or more jewel case or dvd keep case be often use in packaging for special edition release of cd or dvd .
41 protective slipcase may be issue for compact disc or dvd instead of the more common jewel case or dvd keep case and may be choose for aesthetic or economic reason . larger slipcase that be design to house one or more jewel case or dvd keep case be often use in packaging for special edition release of cd or dvd .
40 during the period he have a spell of experience typical of a young man of his age and look . while on a sojourn in the neighbourhood of village sankara in singhbhum he find suitable companion present she parent with jewel and explain to she his idea of marriage . later on his return form jail he do not find she faithful to he and leave she . another woman who serve he at chalkad be the sister of mathias munda .
28 the album be dedicate in memory of anne for matthews older sister anne who be kill by she husband in 1994 in a murder-suicide . include in the jewel case packet be a picture of dave matthews and one of anne s child . #ppa34,m1dave matthews band music for the people retrieve on february 8 2008record
103 but because polyakov be a moscow centre agent the circus need to pretend that he be run an english mole by give he chickenfeed worthless intelligence trick up to seem valuable . this way any indicator that the russians have a mole inside the circus be just part of the illusion and the circus hierarchy itself act ruthlessly to suppress they as witness connie sachs jerry westerby and jim prideaux . the problem be in reality witchcraft be the chickenfeed and one of the circus top man really be a mole under whose guidance the circus have unwittingly be handing polyakov the crown jewel i .e . information of great value to the russians .
16 by total number of viewer apollo 13 splashdown.most-watched film by total number of viewer tv s jewel fail to shine in list of all-time winner date be when the film be broadcast not necessarily when they be produce .
45 federal level protect area federal level protect area be manage by a variety of agency most of which be a part of the united states department of the interior . national park which be manage by the national park service be often consider the crown jewel of the protected area . other area be manage by the united states forest service the bureau of land management and the united states fish and wildlife service . the united states army corps of engineers be claim to provide 30 percent of the recreational opportunity on federal land mainly through lake and waterway that they manage .
8 o'brian have present his reader with a shine jewel ...an intricate multifaceted work . — the new york times book reviewedition w.w. norton company paperback reprint edition 1999 isbn 0393048446
42 the show have a laid-back mood overall and it generally draw to a close with quiet and soporific music . the program win a sony gold award in 2003 for music programming . the comment make at the time be a radio jewel . be there a show like this anywhere else in the radio world everyone who hear the show fall in love with it .
67 spider-man the animated seriesfelicia in spider-man the animated series . in the 1990s spider-man the animated series felicia hardy be originally depict as the first love interest of peter parker but be eventually replace by mary jane watson . in this series felicia be the well breed well-to-do daughter of wealthy business woman anastasia hardy and have only vague memory of she father john hardesky a career jewel thief know as the cat who have be imprison for year because he have memorize the world war ii super soldier formula . anastasia most likely change she married name from hardesky to hardy after john be imprison so that she and felicia would not be connect to he .
46 accord to frank bottomley renown medieval architecture scholar and author of numerous book garderobes be properly not a latrine or privy but a small room or large cupboard usually adjoin the chamber or solar and provide safe-keeping for valuable clothes and other possession of price cloth jewel spice plate and money . bottomley frank . the castle explorer s guide .
41 in she junior year bowen spend a year abroad in florence italy . during college she have role in guy and dolls stage door and lemon sky . before graduating bowen have the lead role in the independent film five spot jewel . among other place bowen study act at the actor s institute .
3 filmography five spot jewel 1992 loving 1992 as raquel york class of 96 educating david 1993 as kristie lewis
45 goddess of creation the first god kunitokotachi and amenominakanushi summon two divine being into existence the male izanagi and the female izanami and charge they with create the first land . to help they do this izanagi and izanami be give a spear decorate with jewel name ame-no-nuboko heavenly spear . the two deity then go to the bridge between heaven and earth ame-no-ukihashi floating bridge of heaven and churn the sea below with the spear . when drop of salty water fall from the spear onogoroshima self-forming island be create .
2 see also jewel
38 mathgamain along with his younger brother brian boru begin military campaign such as the battle of sulchoid against the norse vikings of the settlement limerick rule by ivar of limerick . the dalcassians be successful plunder spoil of jewel gold and silver saddle find soft youthful bright girl boom silk-clad woman and active well-formed boy . frances cusack ireland 294 . the male fit for war be execute at saingel while the rest be take as slave .
20 the high solution require the construction of a m 0 ft long viaduct . obviously this would be the crown jewel of the entire a75 autoroute project . from 1991 to 1993 the structure division of sétra direct by michel virlogeux carry out preliminary study and examine the feasibility of a single structure span the valley . take into account technical architectural and financial issue the administration of road then open the question for competition between structural engineer and architect to widen the search for realistic design .
42 trainsh0 scale bachmann spectrum center cab switcher . because of the sudden popularity of n scale model railroad around 1966 bachmann enter the train market by start its n scale train product in june 1968 model railroader with car package in white jewel case . 1968 bachmann catalog however problem of initial run lead to a retooling the following year . greenberg s price guide to n scale trains .
28 1981 . in 1970 bachmann enter the ho train market . 1970 bachmann catalog a second retooling occur around 1973 when train start to be package in black jewel case . in 1978 bachmann change its logo to the present one . 1978 bachmann catalog trains begin to be package in blue jewel case .
41 1970 bachmann catalog a second retooling occur around 1973 when train start to be package in black jewel case . in 1978 bachmann change its logo to the present one . 1978 bachmann catalog trains begin to be package in blue jewel case . bachmann bros. hold exclusive licens to produce model of train manufacture by budd company passenger train and united aircraft s high-speed train .
49 kader change the name to bachmann industries and use the new brand to expand worldwide such as the european market . it be also part of the strategy to take over other fail company in europe and put they under one single name . the packaging change from plastic jewel case to white paper box with cellophane window . start from 1982 bachmann begin to slowly retool individual product line one by one . a typical example would be the replacement of metal gear to plastic one in the diesel locomotive .
84 in an effort to gap the quality between the spectrum brand and the regular bachmann train bachmann introduce a mid range bachmann plus series in 1992 when production be move to china . eventually the entire product line would be upgrade to the quality of the plus series which lead to the drop of the plus series and the birth of the current silver series in 1997 . bachmann double the msrp of its product and car be now package in clear plastic display jewel case . in 2001 bachmann start to produce train in on30 scale o scale on ho track . 2001 bachmann catalog
55 she live in a palace in space and as the movie s eponymous star stealer try to steal the diamond planet spectra . she be very spoiled and greedy even go so far as to steal rainbow s color belt after witness its power although she never use it herself . she have a magic jewel that be the source of she power . count blogg a green monster who be the dark princess right-hand man .
36 critical receptionbosley crowther of the new york times call the film a thoroughly delightful movie a kid satire in a rollicking song-and-dance vein a joyously syncopate frolic and a romantic-melodramatic fable that make clichés sparkle like jewel . he add miss andrews be absolutely darling — deliciously spirit and dry . . . have have previous experience at this sort of jazz-age hyperbole in the british musical the boy friend . . .
34 during the encounter mirage s gem be destroy . batman be able to defeat he and send he to jail . while in jail mirage manage to create contact lens from fragment of his jewel . he proceed to create the illusion of himself in jail and escape to the circus he once work for . start another crime wave batman be once again alert to his action .
13 fictional character fallon carrington colby a character in the television series dynasty fallon jewel rider a cartoon character fallon a western novel by louis l'amour in which the main character be name fallon . bernard fallon the alter-ego of alfred borden in the prestige film
32 burglar s bargain 1979 a gang of crook rob harrod s . but they be not ordinary crook . a right royal rip-off 1982 a gang be plan to steal the crown jewel . the bigger they be 1985 the gang plan a robbery give the mafia their comeuppance .
53 2002 see the debut of the navigator of the seas as well as the brilliance of the seas the second ship of the radiance class . serenade of the seas and mariner of the seas be introduce the next year and rock-climbing wall be make a feature of every royal caribbean ship . jewel of the seas follow in 2004 and the line s ship nordic empress be refurbish and re-christen as empress of the seas . construction commence on freedom of the seas the line s newest ship at aker finnyards in 2005 and the vessel launch the next year as the largest passenger vessel in the world . freedom of the seas sister ship liberty of the seas be launch in 2007 and independence of the seas be deliver in 2008 .
8 brilliance of the sea serenade of the sea jewel of the seasvision classrhapsody of the seas a vision class ship technically speak the vision class consist of three pair of sister ship and be not a class of ship in the same sense as the radiance freedom or voyager class . the legend and splendour build at chantiers de l'atlantique saint-nazaire france have a gross tonnage of approximately 70,000 and be the only one which have a golf course .
52 one particular concern be the disappearance of a ceremonial baton call a mace dedicate to nathan bedford forrest and decorate with confederate-themed mark and image . the mace commission in 1964 by louise claiborne-armstrong be make by the prestigious jeweler shreve and company in san-francisco.it include a number of she most precious jewel include a blue/white four carat diamond which sit in the center cross atop the mace . the rest of the mace consist of solid silver except the band which be solid gold . it be officially donate to the university in 1965 and be carry by the order of gownsmen at academic procession until it disappeared in 1997 .
65 moorish revival building entrance detail the museum building be build in the moorish revival style by the noted manchester architect edward salomons in 1874 . although it be far from be the largest or most magnificent of the world s many moorish revival synagogue which include the opulent princes road synagogue in nearby liverpool it be consider by architectur historian h.a. meeks to be a jewel of a building . h.a. meek the synagogue phaidon london 1995 p.199 the style a homage to the architecture of moorish spain perhaps seem particularly fitting for the home of a sephardic congregation .
28 he be best remember in south africa for the comissioning and management of construction of the sutherland observatory in the karoo which remain south africa s scientific crown jewel .
1 the jewel of its architecture be the 22-domed transfiguration church be found in 1714 mr. aleksey isaev from kizhi museum petrozavodsk and 1714 be publish in the museum s ‘russians of zaonezhye’ exposition sector guidebook for the church of the transfiguration of our saviour which isaev and robert w. chambers be translate into english language with a large iconostasis — a wooden screen cover with religious portrait feature much gold leaf . this iconostasis be in petrozavodsk until restoration of the transfiguration church be complete scheduled completion be 2014 the 300th anniversary of this monumental church . the massive transfiguration church also know as the summer church be about 37m tall make it one of the tallest log structure in the world .
54 manipadme hūṃ write in tibetan script on a rock outside the potala palace in tibet . om manus padme hum pronunciation of the mantra as chant by a tibetan refugee wave format and real audio format . derived from the sanskrit devanagari ओ ं मणिपद्म े हूं iast oṃ maṇipadme hūṃ mani mean the jewel and padma-the lotus . the six syllabled mantra of the bodhisattva of compassion avalokiteshvara tibetan chenrezig chinese guanyin . the mantra be particularly associate with the four-armed shadakshari form of avalokiteshvara .
17 the middle part of the mantra maṇipadme be often interpret as jewel in the lotus sanskrit maṇí jewel gem cintamani and the locative of padma lotus but accord to donald lopez it be much more likely that maṇipadme be in fact a vocative not a locative address a bodhisattva call maṇipadma jewel-lotus an alternate epithet of the bodhisattva avalokitesvara . lopez 331 the vocative would have to be feminine it be precede by the oṃ syllable and follow by the hūṃ syllable both interjection without linguistic meaning .
12 the path be indicate by the next four syllable . mani mean jewel symbolize the factor of method the altruistic intention to become enlightened compassion and love .[...
27 karma thubten trinley s definition these be the six syllable which prevent rebirth into the six realm of cyclic existence . it translate literally as om the jewel in the lotus hum . om prevent rebirth in the god realm ma prevent rebirth in the asura titan realm ni prevent rebirth in the human realm pa prevent rebirth in the animal realm me prevent rebirth in the hungry ghost realm and hum prevent rebirth in the hell realm . —karma thubten trinley citation need
70 it serve as the hub of burton s half-wheel design the main residential street act as the spoke and the main commerce area of dock street be the rim of the wheel . the oldest survive building in the town once the custom house later the town hall and latterly fleetwood museum date from 1838 and housing from as early as 1839 still exist in the town . the crown jewel be the north euston hotel build in 1841 a fine semi-circular building overlook the bay and the river estuary . the hotel be build to serve overnight guest make the rail journey from euston and be close to the point of departure for the steamer to scotland . this journey be make by queen victoria in 1847 but by the mid-1850 the completion of the western railway link between london and scotland over shap fell render fleetwood s role as a transport terminus obsolete .
41 after the first in the series hazel be publish by e. p. dutton in 1946 it sell 500,000 copy . kirkus reviews comment cartoons from the next to last page of the saturday evening post in which hazel a slightly dim jewel of a domestic put she employer and their friend through their pace with no hesitation about take the center of the stage . join in their game their party their conversation their argument court of appeal for household decision intimidate the unwary demanding-and grabbing-her rights hazel be certainly the least inhibited person on paper today . you may start off dislike she and she omnipresence in the household but sooner or later one of she crack will get you-and you will be sell .
30 when look at an aol cd-rom or diskette there be certain characteristic to look for besides the overall design package aol disk come in various packaging option include cardboard holder jewel case dvd-size box tin box particle board box and various plastic enclosure . tin box be especially popular with collector . it be generally recommend not to remove the packaging in order to preserve quality and value of the disk .
62 this be bring to his superior attention by captain harris and lassard s retirement be announce to the surprise of everyone include himself at the subsequent graduation ceremony . he fly with his contingent to miami beach florida to be honor as police officer of the decade at the national police chief s convention . while in miami he inadvertently foil a jewel thief s escape earn he and his man and woman medal from the city of miami . as a result the mandatory retirement age be waive for he and he be allow to serve until he decide to retire himself . his age be not give but he be approximately 70 year old .
60 as a result the mandatory retirement age be waive for he and he be allow to serve until he decide to retire himself . his age be not give but he be approximately 70 year old . in police academy 6 city under siege the criminal mastermind who have begin to seize control of the city frame lassard for another jewel heist plant miss piece in his desk drawer at the oakdale station where he be head up a task force . lassard be take off active duty pend an investigation which ultimately clear he .
46 marry life on a rural estate do not provide the new lady skelton the excitement she expect and crave . a visit by she detested sister-in-law lady henrietta kingsclere enid stamp-taylor and she husband francis lister do not lessen she boredom . henrietta win barbara s jewel include she most-prized possession she late mother s ruby brooch in a game of ombre . a chance remark about the notorious highwayman captain jerry jackson give barbara an idea . masquerading as jackson barbara hold up henrietta s coach and take she brooch as well as the rest of henrietta s jewelry .
12 art and literature emerald ballet the first movement of george balanchine s jewel often perform by itself the emerald city of oz a book by l. frank baum emerald city a fictional city in the land of oz in the book
67 it be inhabit by 106,346 people 2001 with 138,995 in the direct vicinity and be the centre of fejér county and the regional centre of central transdanubia . in the middle ages the city be a royal residence and the most important city of hungary . 37 king and 39 queen consort be crown 15 ruler have be bury here the diet be hold and the crown jewel be keep here .
45 the imperial order of the iron crown be establish june 5 1805 by napoleon bonaparte under his title of king napoleon i of italy and later become an imperial austrian order . it take its name from the ancient iron crown of lombardy a medieval jewel with an iron ring forge from what be suppose to be a nail from the cross as a band on the inside . this crown also give its name to the italian order of the crown .
29 the academic building be locate on a 100-foot jabal arabic for mountain . the academic complex of the jabal dominate the surround countryside . fortune magazine call it a jewel of a university on arabian sand . a water tower locate between academic building have become the symbol of the university and can be see from several kilometre away . there be more than thirty academic building whose facility include
73 discovery of she father s evil drive rachel to pay she father s penance on his behalf by enrolling in a nunnery and break off she engagement with bruce wayne who have prepare himself to end his crimefighting career to marry she . natalia knight the most remarkable of his love interest at the time be nocturna aka natalia knight bring in by doug moench in the early 1980s . she be a jewel thief who briefly adopt jason todd and know that bruce wayne be batman . what make she remarkable be that she suffer from a rare light sensitivity disease and she skin be bleached white . she disappear during the last day of pre-crisis batman after be stab by she brother charles float into the crimson sky of the crisis in she balloon .
75 the museum’s collection of sèvres porcelain include a number of piece that be make for member of the court at versailles . portrait miniature and the example of goldsmith work especially snuffbox and watch be display in the treasury along with some exceptional 19th and early 20th-century work . among they be example of art nouveau jewelry by rené lalique jewel object by the house of fabergé include two russian imperial easter egg and precious jewel by tiffany and co. the walters ’ collection present an overview of 19th-century european art particularly art from france . from the first half of the century come major painting by ingres géricault and delacroix .
14 strucker fight for germany during world war i during which he first encounter the jewel momentary princess which be fate to appear and disappear at regular interval of time . wolfgang pursue the jewel in the decade that follow .
33 strucker fight for germany during world war i during which he first encounter the jewel momentary princess which be fate to appear and disappear at regular interval of time . wolfgang pursue the jewel in the decade that follow .
62 baby doll fall in love with he until she overhear croc boast about manipulate she . enrage she betray he to batman and batgirl and in the ensue fight he be defeat after be drench in boil water . he make his final appearance in the later episode judgment day where he be see try to get the penguin to fence steal jewel . that episode villain the judge two-face in disguise attack and defeat he .
36 the district have in this period start a number of other school include the even more impose denny school on battery street between 5th and 6th avenues in belltown open 1884 . described as an architectural jewel ... the finest schoolhouse on the west coast it be demolish in 1928 as part of the denny regrade project . thompson marr 2002 denny . when the central school burn in 1888 its high school and first grade class be parcel out to the denny school other class to the former downtown building of the university with other class go to temporary facility some of which also burn in the great seattle fire .
50 kukuanaland african country in rider haggard s king solomon s mine rule first by king twala then by king ignosi . kurio from william rose benét s child s book the flying king of kurio kuristan from the film mr. magoo central asian nation that be home to the famous jewel the star of kuristan kurland mythical kingdom in the film a royal family but see courland kush african country from john updike s novel the coup
21 the lufthansa heist burke be most famous for the lufthansa heist the theft of approximately $ 6 million in cash and jewel from build 261 at the lufthansa cargo terminal at john f. kennedy international airport . this be the largest robbery in american history at the time . base on inside information from a lufthansa cargo supervisor louis werner who owe a large gambling debt to burke-controlled bookmaker martin krugman he plan it and have it carry out by a crew of accomplice he put together that include tommy desimone angelo sepe louis the whale cafora joseph joe buddha manri robert frenchy mcmahon and paolo licastri .
20 it be one of india s nine largest public sector undertakings or psus know as the navratnas or the nine jewel official list of navratnas and miniratna . main manufacturing facilitiesentrance to bhel ranipur haridwar plant .
37 bierce write to sterling i hardly know how to speak of it . no poem in english of equal length have so bewilder a wealth of imagination . not spencer himself have fling such a profusion of jewel into so small a casket .
61 amadeo s transition to vampire be relatively easy for he although the dark gift bring about nightmare of his childhood . marius and amadeo return to russia where amadeo visit his old school and home . he find his elderly mother and father there reveal that he be alive and say farewell to they leave they with all the money and jewel he have with he . this be generally a happy reunion as amadeo be able to let go of his mortal background and his parent be able to see that their beloved son be alive so to speak and thrive . though this reunion allow amadeo to let go of his mortal background discover that his father be alive amadeo believe he be dead and a drunkard hurt he deeply .
67 findochty know locally as finechty stand on the shore of the moray firth . the gaelic name of the village be record by diack in his own transcription method as fanna-guchtus which be unclear in meaning . with its painted cottage a scenic harbour overlook at the west by the local war memorial and at the east by the white paint church of scotland findochty be a jewel of the north east of scotland .
33 in 1986 he say the company be total disarray . until you be in a position to lift up the rug there be no way to know how much disarray . the crown jewel of studio have become a shambles .
8 on 4 may the division capture the crown jewel of hungary in mattsee austria . . . at the end of the war the division be secure the left flank of the xv corps .
58 as of october 23 2008 elson have be manage a vintage boutique in nashville tennessee with venus mars amy patterson . karen elson s otherworldly boutique opens in nashville black book magazine 2008 . the boutique be call venus mars the showroom and feature high end rare vintage garment and adornment to cheap and cheerful vintage dress and jewel . venus mars the showroom .
16 légion d honneur on thursday 6 july 2006 president chirac of france award valentino the final jewel in the crown of his achievement chevalier de la légion d honneur from the country where he arrive as a 17-year-old italian boy and fall in love with haute couture . i be very honored say valentino who have glean award from across the world from his native italy to america . french people be charming adorable but not extremely generous with foreigner but they believe in what they do .
50 observer have often notice how valentino always have a boy with he . he seem to move surround by a court of friend which have become a real family for he . this court always comprise his business associate and ex boyfriend giancarlo giammetti his current boyfriend american bag and jewel designer bruce hoeksema brazilian brother sean and anthony souza as well as their parent carlos souza and socialite charlene shorto de ganay souza s ex-wife who be both valentino s pr . carlos souza meet valentino and giammetti in 1973 in rio de janeiro when he be 18 year old . valentino and giammetti be also the godfather of anthony and sean .
20 bruce hoeksema as affirm in an interview with american vanity fair valentino have be romantically involve since 1982 with american jewel and bag designer bruce hoeksema a former model who be a vice president of the house of valentino until 1998 .
53 the first structure be a large pagoda at the very top of the mountain . in conjunction with this he place small umbrella reliquary kasa sotoba every hundred meter along the frontier way decorate with placard depict amida buddha paint in gold . other pagoda temple and garden follow include the konjikido a jewel box of a building intend to represent the buddhist pure land and the final rest place of the fujiwara lord .
9 in the begin the creator bring forth the shine jewel of the universe and thier secret . one such jewel be the world know as septerra its secret hide within its core . seven distinct layer of continent call world shell orbit the planet each connect to the other by a giant bio-organic spine .
19 in the begin the creator bring forth the shine jewel of the universe and thier secret . one such jewel be the world know as septerra its secret hide within its core . seven distinct layer of continent call world shell orbit the planet each connect to the other by a giant bio-organic spine . at the center of all lie the core an enormous bio-computer regulate the movement of the shell .
121 it be in the midst of this activity that strzygowski publish his first frankly polemical work orient oder rom beiträge zur geschichte der spätantiken und früchristlichen kunst 1901 the orient or rome contribution to the history of late antique and early christian art . draw on such diverse material as palmyrene art and sculpture anatolian sarcophagi late antique ivory from egypt and coptic textile strzygowski argue in overtly racial and often racist term that style change in late antiquity be the product of an overwhelming oriental or semitic influence . in one modern characterization of both the argument and its rhetorical tone strzygowski presented hellas as a beautiful maiden who sell herself to an old semite to be keep as the jewel of his harem . j. elsner the birth of late antiquty riegl and strzygowski in 1901 art history 25 2002 372 .
68 in 1999 stratum laser tag locate in mesa arizona open as the world s largest technotainment laser tag arena . the world s largest title be give to stratum by the president of the international laser tag association . it be sq ft 0 m 2 . on its ground level alone and 15 level of 90 ramp tower and bridge reach height of foot 0 m the jewel of laser tag stratum laser tag
22 1921 on the 4th of september the statue of our lady of victories be crown with a golden crown full of precious jewel by the sengleans . earlier on the parish church be bestow with the title of basilica by pope benedict xv.
32 the trifold digipack cd press in the u.s. correctly list the electric co . at 4:51 and contain the edited version of the song . later u.s. cd pressing in the standard jewel box format incorrectly list the electric co . at 5:18 but have the edited version of the song . some and perhaps all european pressing of the cd correctly list the electric co . at 5:18 and have the unedited version of the song the same be likely true of other worldwide cd pressing . an australian press of the cd list the track at 4:57 but the song actually run the full 5:18 .
21 emmetsburg iowa s irish capital claims to fame ethnic groups epodunk access april 16 2007 . fort dodge mineral city grinnell jewel of the prairie mayor s letter grinnell ia village profile website access june 2 2008 keokuk gate city report in the 1880s le mars ice cream capital of the world .
44 orkin david . the complete guide to tennessee the independent january 7 2006 access april 22 2007 . the king be dead but the presley legend live on in tennessee s largest city memphis which be also the birthplace of the blues and a jewel of the mississippi . bluff city birthplace of rock n roll memphis to lead national celebration of the 50th anniversary of rock n roll press release date november 5 2003 access april 22 2007 .
55 january on the order of the long parliament sir john hotham 1st baronet seize the arsenal at kingston upon hull 5 february the bishop of the church of england be exclude from the house of lords by the bishops exclusion act 23 february henrietta maria go to the netherlands with princess mary and the crown jewel 5 march the long parliament pass the militia ordinance 15 march the long parliament proclaim that the people be bind by the ordinance for the militia though it have not receive the royal assent
14 format how to dismantle an atomic bomb be release in three different format standard jewel case with album cd deluxe edition with album cd and bonus dvd feature make of the album footage and bonus performance collector s edition with album cd bonus dvd and a hardcover book feature extract from band member song lyric original painting illustration and photography
19 39 no. 1. p . 62 . gemological institute of america . novotny m. 2005 . the ultimate family jewel . msnbc news countdown with keith olbermann . retrieve 12 april 2005 from
8 14 . sparkling archaic sun moth or spring jewel moth . 24 spp . eriocraniida
4 notes see also richard jewel nuclear threat initiative nti s global security newswire piece in full
39 this accentuate she large bust which be say to measure 38 inch 96.5 centimeter . she stand 5 foot and 3 inch 1.60 meter tall . talk of she figure and she lavish overdressing in fur coat and dazzle jewel precede she appearance wherever she go . jean lorrain say of she
71 tew reach the red sea and run down a large ship en route from india to the ottoman empire some time in late 1693 . despite its enormous garrison of 300 soldier the indian ship surrender without serious resistance inflict no casualty on the assailant . tew s pirate help themselves to the ship’s rich treasure worth £100,000 in gold and silver alone not count the value of the ivory spice jewel and silk take . tew’s man afterward share out between £1,200 and £3,000 per man and tew himself claim about £8,000 . johnson p . 86-87 thomas tew . # 05
15 several other crew member be introduce at this point wash alan tudyk the pilot kaylee jewel staite the engineer and inara morena baccarin a companion who dock with serenity at persephone where the crew intend to deliver the goods before move on to boros .
43 cronin murder scanlon but fail to find the metal chinese disk scanlon use as an identifier . vincent find the disk pose as the courier be expose capture torture and save by the shadow . millionaire geoffrey laidlow be kill for his hidden jewel the rest of the story involve search for laidlow s killer and the killer search for the jewel to be fence with the chinatown mastermind . in the end the criminal mastermind lawyer ezekiel bingham be free and unpunished . diamond bert farwell expose as wang foo go to jail .
61 cronin murder scanlon but fail to find the metal chinese disk scanlon use as an identifier . vincent find the disk pose as the courier be expose capture torture and save by the shadow . millionaire geoffrey laidlow be kill for his hidden jewel the rest of the story involve search for laidlow s killer and the killer search for the jewel to be fence with the chinatown mastermind . in the end the criminal mastermind lawyer ezekiel bingham be free and unpunished . diamond bert farwell expose as wang foo go to jail .
10 escape sirius/xm satellite radio cjwl ottawa on 98.5 fm the jewel feature a nightly beautiful music program as part of its adult standard format ckot tillsonburg on 101.3 fm easy 101 khoy laredo tx 88.1 fm
35 after defeat the monster it turn out ruto be hide because she have no interest in the arrange marriage she father set up ... # the hero of time be bear # with the three jewel link return to hyrule which be now under attack by ganondorf and his monster . in the midst of the chaos zelda and impa escape but not before the princess throw the ocarina of time to link . ganondorf try to take it from link after easily defeat he but he take the ocarina saria give to link by mistake .
86 the album be often mistakenly call saturate before use because the word appear on the album cover which be design to look like a water bag that would require saturation before its first use . for this very reason asylum records executive suggest to no avail that the word be remove from the album cover and nearly reject the cover art outright . the confusion over the title return when the album be convert to cd format when the word appear on the spine of the jewel case as the album title saturate before read | american printer | march 2006 .
34 yuan chueh-chingjung chu-shih chus ch.34 . p.22 ghazan be so impress with baiju s ability . three year later though he change his policy and send his envoy with precious gift such as cloth jewel and gold to greet temür who be the most respected person of the house of tolui at time . in response temür say descendant of chingis khan shall be friendly to each other forever and send ghazan a seal read 王府定國理民之寶 in chinese script mean seal certifying the authority of his royal highness to establish a country and govern its people as a prince below khagan . the ilkhanid envoy present tribute to khagan temur and inspect property grant to hulegu in north china .
1 of jewel the topaz of heavenly body the sun of metal gold
41 while paige be try on she dress for the ball rosalind talk with she . rosalind tell paige that although she have always stay close to tradition sometimes change be good . rosalind then show paige the vault where all she jewel be keep and allow paige to pick one of she most valuable .
59 1444 bun'an 1 8th month one of the three sacred treasure be find after it have be miss for several month . the sacred jewel have be steal in kakitsu 3 on the 23rd day of the 9th month . intruder in the palace have manage to steal all of the sacred treasures the mirror the sword and the jewel . later a guard find the mirror and a priest find the sword but the location of the jewel remain unknown until the 8th month of bun'an gannen . 1445 bun'an 2 11th month the kampaku nijō mochimoto die at age 48 .
56 the sacred jewel have be steal in kakitsu 3 on the 23rd day of the 9th month . intruder in the palace have manage to steal all of the sacred treasures the mirror the sword and the jewel . later a guard find the mirror and a priest find the sword but the location of the jewel remain unknown until the 8th month of bun'an gannen . 1445 bun'an 2 11th month the kampaku nijō mochimoto die at age 48 . konoe fusatsugu and ichijō kaneyoshi become the two primary contender for this newly vacate position .
4 discographyas leader 1974 the jewel in the lotus 1977 slow traffic to the right 1978 moonscape
8 in june 1964 scott begin to write the jewel in the crown the first novel of what be to become the raj quartet . it be publish in 1966 to minor and muted enthusiasm . the remain novel in the sequence be publish over the next nine year – the day of the scorpion 1968 the towers of silence 1971 and a division of the spoil 1974 .
71 in 1980 granada television film stay on with trevor howard and celia johnson as tusker smalley and his wife lucy famously advertise at the time as reunited for the first time since brief encounter . the success of its first showing on british television in december 1980 encourage granada television to embark on the much greater project of make the raj quartet into a major fourteen-part television series know as the jewel in the crown first broadcast in the uk in early 1984 and subsequently in the us and many commonwealth country . it be rebroadcast in the uk in 1997 as part of the 50th anniversary celebration of indian independence and in 2001 the british film institute vote it as 22nd in the all time best british television programme . it have also be adapt as a nine-part bbc radio 4 dramatisation under its original title in 2005 .
18 after leave the duo detroit still sign to london records restart she solo career and release the album jewel in 1994 . the album peak at # 15 in the uk and go gold and she have three uk top 40 hit i believe uk # 11 ain't nothing like the real thing a duet with elton john uk # 24 and i be no angel uk # 33 . dissatisfy with london records she leave the label in 1995 .
8 discographystudio albums 1982 marcella as marcy levy 1994 jewel 1996 feeler 1996 without medication plus mtv buzz live japanese release
28 elaan accept and subsequently appear on the bridge wear the gift . spock detect strange energy reading from she necklace . elaan be puzzle because to she the jewel be common stone — the necklace be of little monetary value on she world . spock discover the common stone be crude dilithium crystal which explain why the klingons be so interest in control the system . the stone be quickly deliver to scotty in engineering where he use the crystal in the ship s antimatter reactor .
46 start with their spring 2002 tour the band have release nearly every concert they have play through their independent record label sci fidelity . at first the cd be encase in cardboard folding case . start with the summer 2003 tour the band switch to multiple-capacity jewel case and after a brief run in denver in early 2004 all show thereafter have be release exclusively online in both mp3 and flac format with only a few show per tour be choose for release on compact disc .
92 accord to the description in exodus this breastplate be attach to the ephod by gold chains/cords tie to the gold ring on the ephod s shoulder strap and by blue ribbon tie to the gold ring at the lower part of the ephod exodus 28:15-19 the biblical description state that the breastplate be also to be make from the same material as the ephod embroider linen and be to be a square a cubit in width two layer thick and with four row of three engraved gem each embed upon it each jewel be frame in gold . ibid the description state that the square breastplate be to be form from two equal rectangular piece of cloth suggest that its appearance be similar to a backless waistcoat with a pouch inside to contain the urim and thummim . the term for the breastplate hoshen appear to be connect either to its function or to its appearance some scholar think that it be probably derive from hasuna mean beautiful while other think that it be more likely to derive from sinus mean a fold for contain something .
14 the jewels jewish high priest wear a hoshen in ancient judah . the twelve jewel in the breastplate be each accord to the biblical description to be make from specific mineral none of they the same as another and each of they representative of a specific tribe whose name be to be inscribe on the stone . there be no consistent view in classical rabbinical literature as to the order of the name the jerusalem targum for example argue that the name appear in the order of the birth of each tribe s patriarch accord to the book of genesis maimonides argue that the name be all engrave on the first stone with the word these be the tribe of jeshurun be engrave on the last stone kabbalistic writer such hezekiah ben manoah and bahya ben asher argue that only six letter from each name be present on each stone together with a few letter from the name of abraham isaac or jacob or from the phrase these be the tribe of jeshurun so that there be seventy-two letter in total 72 be a very significant number in kabbalistic thought .
115 unfortunately the meaning of the hebrew name for the mineral give by the masoretic text be not clear and though the greek name for they in the septuagint be more clear scholar believe that it cannot be completely rely on for this matter because the breastplate have cease to be in use by the time the septuagint be create and several greek name for various gem have change meaning between the classical era and modern time . ibid however although classical rabbinical literature argue that the name be inscribe use a magic worm because neither chisel nor paint nor ink be allow to mark they out sotah 48b a more naturalistic approach suggest that the jewel must have have comparatively low hardness in order to be engrave upon and therefore this give an additional clue to the identity of the mineral . cheyne and black encyclopedia biblica
1 the jewel stone be as follow the first item in each row be probably the right hand side as hebrew be a right to left script
110 pit dah in the masoretic text topazios in the septuagint despite the suggestion of the septuagint that it be topaz topaz be barely know at the time the book of exodus be write accord to both the traditional dating of the book and that by textual scholar cheyne and black encyclopedia biblica in the classical era topazio refer an island on which a particular yellow mineral be mine topazio mean to seek in reference to the difficulty in find the island . the word pit dah be think by scholar to be connect with the assyrian word hipindu which refer to something that flash presumably meaning shimmer and thus the jewel in question would fit the description of chrysolite a translucent greenish yellow mineral common throughout the levant and particularly find on a particular island in the red sea under the control of the egyptian pharaoh . ibid
56 sebo in the masoretic text achate in the septuagint achate definitely refer to agate and sebo may be cognate with the assyrian term subu mean agate . cheyne and black encyclopedia biblica agates be common in egypt and assyria and be regard as a potent talisman . ibid the exodus rabbah appear to argue for the jewel in question have be a sky blue variety .
96 cheyne and black encyclopedia biblica if an opaque golden material it could refer to a yellow form of jasper or of serpentine which be commonly use in egypt and babylon . ibid it may even be the case that the septuagint be mistake and the masoretic text s tarsis be a corruption of asshur they be similar when spelt use the hebrew alphabet refer to assyria s quintessential export mineral flint . cheyne and black encyclopedia biblica there be little certainty among scholar in regard to which of these be the most likely to be the jewel in question .
98 yashfeh in the masoretic text iaspis in the septuagint in reference to the septuagint and josephus scholar suspect that yasepheh may be the original reading . cheyne and black encyclopedia biblica although yasepheh and iaspis be cognate to jasper they do not quite have the same meaning while jasper be usually red the mineral which the greeks call iaspis be generally a richly green one the most prized form of jasper and scholar think this be most likely to be the colour refer to by yasepheh the ambiguity of the term be present in the targums where the jewel be variously identify as a ruby which be red as a hyacinth which be yellow or as an emerald which be green . ibid
69 in the new testament book of revelation be the description of a city wall with each layer of stone in the wall be from a different material in the original koine greek the layer be give as iaspi sapphiro chalcedon smaragdo sardonyx sardion chrysolitho beryllo topazion chrysoprason yacintho amethysto . revelation 21:19-20 nestle-aland edition this list appear to be base on the septuagint s version of the list of jewel in the breastplate if the top half of the breastplate be rotate by 180 degree and the bottom half turn upside down with onchion additionally swap place with topazion the list become extremely similar there be only four difference onchion literally onyx have become sardonyx red onyx anthrax have become chalcedon literally meaning chalcedony of which the red variety be the most common .
32 daivajna varāhamihira devanagari वराहमिहिर 505 587 also call varaha or mihira be an indian astronomer mathematician and astrologer who live in ujjain . he be consider to be one of the nine jewel navaratnas of the court of legendary king vikramaditya think to be the gupta emperor chandragupta ii vikramaditya . though little be know about his life he supposedly hail from south bengal where in the ruin of chandraketugarh there be a mound call the mound of khana and mihir . khana be the daughter-in-law of varaha and a famous astrologer herself .
59 the united states government have declare ansar al-islam a terrorist group but krekar deny that it be during the time he head it and say he no longer do . while krekar have not be find guilty of anything a number of his opinion have meet little sympathy he be once record claim that osama bin laden be the jewel in the crown of islam . osama bin laden be a good muslim vg and that he be proud of what abu musab al-zarqawi has do and that he have become a martyr . krekar honor al-zarqawus aftenposten
6 jem 1922 jenkins 1907-1912 jewell 1906-1907 jewel 1908-1909 jewett 1922-1927 johnson 1903 1918 distinct from johnson steam automobile company .
36 shopping and entertainment tenkasi be the main shopping entertainment hub for the village around tenkasus and for the tourist come for courtallam fall in season . the main shopping item available here be textile building material jewel grocery vegetable etc . there be cinema hall for entertainment .
26 carlton pp . 83 84 firstly the widow have to deal with leclerc s perilous estate . parisian rumour have it that she extract gold and jewel from the indigenous people in saint-domingue and slink the treasure back in leclerc s sarcophagus but this be not the case . carlton p 86 she inherit 700,000 franc in both liquid capital and asset from leclerc.<ref fraser p 90 by no means be this consider a sizeable sum .
4 duke l'orange a notorious jewel thief on puckworld duke change his way to battle lord dragaunus . duke have use a puck blaster in some episode but he mainly use a golden sword call a ducksaber or sometimes just a saber . he also carry lock pick and a grapple hook attach to his wrist .
62 they fight he twice first in the alternate anaheim and then in the real anaheim . falcone falcone be a raptrin member of the brotherhood of the blade . duke pretend to join up with falcone to learn what he be up to and find out that falcone be work for the saurians try to help they steal the world s largest jewel for a new weapon . duke try to stop he but fail as falcone get he arrest . falcone get the gem but not long after that falcone s ship blow up and send falcone down into a moat .
43 falcone get the gem but not long after that falcone s ship blow up and send falcone down into a moat . there the guard of big ben find he . falcone be currently sit in london s jail cell for steal a jewel from they . lucretia decoy lucretia decoy be a traitoress to the race of the duck and a spy for the saurians . tanya be the only one who know who she be and lucretia prevent she from reveal that she be a spy by tie she to the top rafter of the pond .
3 see also family jewel central intelligence agency document unclassify in june 2007 united states intervention in chile operation condor
40 the abbot of st . mary s be show as greedy and cunning . the game mention that he force peasant and artisan to work on his large abbey for free under threat of excommunication . he be fond of jewel young woman and drinking contest .
12 the sheriff s wife be a plump shrill woman very fond of jewel .
132 thapar 2003 p . 345 the kappe arabhatta record of c. 700 in tripadus three line metre be the earliest available work in kannada poetic . sahitya akademi 1988 p . 1717 karnateshwara katha which be quote later by jayakirti be believe to be a eulogy of pulakesi ii and to have belong to this period . chidananda murthy in kamath 2001 p . 67 other probable kannada writer whose work be not extant now but title of which be know from independent reference such as indranandi s srutavatara devachandra s rajavalikathe narasimhacharya 1934 pp . 4 5 bhattakalanka s sabdanusasana of 1604 sastri 1955 p.355 be syamakundacharya 650 who be say to have author the prabhrita and srivaradhadeva also call tumubuluracharya 650 or earlier the possible author of the chudamani crest jewel a lengthy commentary on logic . sastri 1955 p . 355 mugali 1975 p . 13 narasimhacharya 1988 p . 4
43 she have at time work for the justice league as an administrator . ralph and sue share a very loving relationship often be compare to nick and nora charles . it all start when ralph crash she debutante ball use the pretense of jewel thief to catch a glimpse of the lovely sue . what follow be a whirlwind romance with sue and ralph marry a short time later with barry allen serve as the best man . what follow be a life of adventure and superheroic as sue stick by ralph s side as he travel around the globe as part of the justice league .
13 album sleeping on saturday and sunday afternoon 2003 tour cdr in regular cd jewel case with handmade artwork front and back inlay that be sell for $ 25 on 2003 prefuse 73 tour with four tet and manitoba . discog . . .
49 in the film the ogre s shape change ability and other magical power be grant by a necklace which he must wear to survive during daylight . also change from the original tale be that the ogre want to marry the princess . he offer the king unlimited gold jewel and diamond for his marry the king s daughter but the king refuse . when puss in boots trick the ogre into morphing into a mouse the ogre escape he and realize the trick and then morph into a large monster and attempt to kill he . but his necklace be steal and the princess king miller s son and cat be able to prevent he from catch the necklace by dawn .
14 the album be originally release in 1997 with the cd all package individually in jewel case complete with full artwork . the original issue also feature a poster a backstage pass keyring and a few other extra depend on the region . when the album be reissue in 2003 it be package in a large digipak similar to a longbox which feature either 4 or 5 disc tray .
53 in 1807 mary collaborate with charles on a child s book tale from shakespeare and they produce other popular work for child in later year . on she own mary lamb publish an epistolary work mrs leicester s school which the poet samuel coleridge believe would and should be acknowledged as a rich jewel in the treasury of our permanent english literature . it be with this book concern the tale of a variety of motherless and orphan girl that mary lamb seem to deal with the personal theme of grief and guilt . though she solo turn critically acclaim at the time have not outlive its era tale from shakespeare continue to be in print .
27 luísa todi stay for four year in russia 1784 1788 . she be the royal princess sing teacher and catherine ii continue to present she with magnificent jewel of incalculable value .
34 in 1809 oporto be invade by the napoleonic army command by general soult . luísa todi decide to abandon the city but during the escape she lose most of she belongings include she priceless jewel . this cause financial problem during the last year of she life . luísa todi and she family be imprison by the french but general soult recognize she as the nation s singer and protect she .
54 these eventually would become popularly know as the kress five and dime store . unlike many businessman of his day who only open their store in large urban area kress wisely locate his store in smaller city spread over 29 state he feel would grow in commerce and prosperity . these store become the jewel of many of these city who only have a dry goods or general store until then . kress never marry or have child . he be a mason .
42 father florentino opine that god do not forsake he and that his plan be not for the greater good but for personal gain . simoun finally accept father florentino’s explanation squeeze his hand and die . father florentino then take simoun’s remain jewel and throw they into the sea hope that they would not be use by the greedy and that when the time come that it would be use for the greater good when the nation would be finally deserve liberty for themselves the sea would reveal the treasure .
32 de cuéllar josé tomás 1996 baile y cochino . consejo nacional para la cultura y la artes méxico p . 28 . furthermore the china wearer complete the outfit with bead and jewel that adorn she ear she cleavage and she hand vázquez mantecón maría del carmen 2000 la china mexicana mejor conocida como china poblana . in anale del instituto de investigaciones estéticas de la universidad nacional autónoma de méxico issue 77 p . 128 . .
1 paihia jewel of the bay of islands tourist website paihium map paihia school website
76 formerly an associate with alan scott and the bowery greens kyle break off his tie with they when alan kill a seventy-two year old shopkeeper name angus kelly . kyle use the magic ring he find inside the lantern for the benefit of the immigrant mass of new york . kyle die near the end in a showdown with alan scott but not until he absorb alan into his ring and combine it with alan s jewel piece . he then take the bit and piece of the statue of liberty and put they together and finally give carol his ring and die in she arm . the story reuse alan scott s origin with kyle in the main role .
26 # c'est what – 8:17 # where there be a will – 5:36 † hidden track not list on the track listing on the album s jewel case .
1 the jewel in henry pease s crown be say to have be the zetland hotel one of the world s earliest purpose-built railway hotel with its own private platform .
9 the sapropelic mud from the techirghiol lake be the jewel of the resort.in 1924 at the universal exposition from paris the techirghiol mud receive the golden medal . alphons saligny be the first to study the therapeutic use of the mud after this the romanian institute of balneology approve it and during the 1930s the study realize by alphons saligny and the institute be the base for solid scientific proof regard the therapeutic action of the sapropelic mud of techirghiol and the methodology of those treatment .
17 meanwhile leave jason to his own scheme willie loomis go secretly search for the legendary collins family jewel at the eagle hill cemetery outside of collinsport maine . his forage through the collins family library and from answer to question he pose to the housekeeper mrs. johnson and the youngest collins david ultimately bring he to the family mausoleum . there the inquisitive and jewel-happy willie discover a coffin seal with lock and chain .
49 his forage through the collins family library and from answer to question he pose to the housekeeper mrs. johnson and the youngest collins david ultimately bring he to the family mausoleum . there the inquisitive and jewel-happy willie discover a coffin seal with lock and chain . suspect the jewel be lock inside he pry the chain loose but upon do so release a vampire name barnabas collins . barnabas attack willie turn he into his unwilling slave and manservant .
46 in spite of this however barnabas beat willie severely with his cane . later the mark on willie s body lead jason to suspect that something be go on that willie be not tell he about . jason could not resist the thought that there be jewel and riches willie be not share so he break into the old house at sunset and barnabas wake up find jason and kill he . later barnabas force willie to bury jason with his own hand .
16 reception upon completion of the project architectural critic and the media call ppg place the crown jewel in pittsburgh s skyline the tower success of downtown pittsburgh and one of the most ambitious sensitive and public spirited urban development since rockefeller center . in 2006 reader of the pittsburgh city paper vote ppg place as the best building in pittsburgh .
26 although consider a great speaker he be also criticise by many for be selfish and dishonorable . he be suspect of defalcation of money and royal jewel . a telling story be that when he be offer a chancellor s post he bribe the member of the parliament to grant he absolution and when one of they later oppose he he ask curious who be this son of a bitch that i fail to pay off after his death in 1659 deputy of the sejm in 1662 be appoint to take matter up with his beneficiary .
62 the emperor zakath of mallorea be poison with thalot and cure by adara s rose call by cyradis the seeress of kell the universal remedy . in the elenium the primate annias poison queen ehlana with darestim so he can have access to she treasury to fund his campaign of become archprelate . she champion sparhawk and his companion find the magical jewel bhelliom to cure she . it be later reveal that ehlana s father king aldreas be kill with the same poison give to he by his sister with whom he be romantically involve .
27 the abc episode end with cross that palm when we come to it broadcast on 13 april 1968 as marker act for a solicitor over some steal jewel as a go-between with the gang who steal they and want the reward money . take the recover jewel back to his office marker receive a visit from the police and be convict of receive steal property the solicitor that hire he be crooked and have disappear . marker plead guilty to the charge and be sentence to two and a half year in prison .
46 the abc episode end with cross that palm when we come to it broadcast on 13 april 1968 as marker act for a solicitor over some steal jewel as a go-between with the gang who steal they and want the reward money . take the recover jewel back to his office marker receive a visit from the police and be convict of receive steal property the solicitor that hire he be crooked and have disappear . marker plead guilty to the charge and be sentence to two and a half year in prison . cross that palm be unfortunately not one of the five survive abc episode .
26 series 5 also demonstrate the great variety that the programme could offer in well there be this girl you see ... marker become involve in steal jewel again but be exceptionally careful too careful as it turn out as his tactic of exert pressure on a young man he think be involve backfire when he choose to run to the police rather than marker and wreck marker s chance of get a share of the reward money . an embarrassed marker have to explain to an amused firbank what have go wrong .
17 1966/72 i´ve seen a dying eye from 15 songs on poems by emily dickinson i held a jewel in my finger from 15 songs on poems by emily dickinson
18 two become one redirect here . for the jewel song of the same name see 2 become 1 jewel song .
21 during his tenure as pretender to the throne henri dissipate the majority of his family s great wealth sell off family jewel painting furniture and property to support his political cause and large family as well as establishment in belgium north africa brazil portugal and france . the family château at amboise now belong to a trust he create . conflict over the diversion of the family wealth formerly worth over £40 million lead to court conflict between he and five of his child some of whom he unilaterally disinherit .
33 the group first record for rca in 1949 but without dorothy love after appear on arthur godfrey s talent scout television program . those recording while not particularly memorable be consider a rare jewel nowadays and include the two song in the upper room and move on up a little higher .
21 sunstorm interactive redneck rampage suckin grits on route 66 page interplay redneck rampage rides again page redneck rampage/redneck rides again dual jewel page interplay redneck deer huntin page redneck rampage series on mobygames
66 these addition include notably norton hall the blessing residential hall the village residential complex the slane student life and wellness center and the jerry and kitty steele sports center . there be also several facility currently under construction and slate for completion in 2009 . these building include the nido r. qubein school of communication the plato s. wilson family school of commerce and the crown jewel of student life the $ 50 million university center formerly call the multiplex . the university center will house 600 student in 300 upscale apartment-like facility a virtual bowling alley fully-functional movie theater a steakhouse a sandwich shop and a two story gaming-and-restaurant concept . the university center be project to open in august 2009 .
59 he keep a number of prepared flesh-coloured blank ready in different shades to save time on lay the carnation ground . he then paint the outline of the feature very faintly with a pencil actually a very fine pointed squirrel-hair brush before fill these out by faint hatching . he add to the technique available especially for clothes and jewel often exploit the tiny shadow cast by thick dot of paint to give a three-dimensionality to pearl and lace . vj murrell in strong 1983 pp.15-16 a few half-finished miniature give a good idea of his work technique .
26 amy klobuchar j.d. 1985 united states senate d-mn 2007-present . koh tsu koon ph.d. 1977 third chief minister of the state of penang malaysia 1990-2008 . jewel lafontant j.d. 1946 united nations delegate . lien chan ph.d. 1965 – vice president of the republic of china taiwan under president lee teng-hui 1996-2000 . edward levi a.b.
36 the term crown jewels be commonly use for regalia item design to lend luster to occasion such as coronation . they feature some combination of precious material artistic merit and symbolic or historical value . crown jewel may have be designate at the start of a dynasty accumulate through many year of tradition or send as tangible recognition of legitimacy by some leader such as the pope to an emperor or caliph .
47 thus the imperial regalia of japan jp 三種の神器 sanshu no jingi or three sacred treasure also know as the three sacred treasure of japan as follow . the sword kusanagi 草薙剣 or possibly a replica of the original locate at atsuta shrine in nagoya represent valor the jewel or necklace of jewel yasakani no magatama 八尺瓊曲玉 at kokyo in tokyo represent benevolence the mirror yata no kagami 八咫鏡 locate in the ise shrine in mie prefecture represent wisdom since 690 the presentation of these item to the emperor by the priest at the shrine be a central part of the imperial enthronement ceremony .
51 thus the imperial regalia of japan jp 三種の神器 sanshu no jingi or three sacred treasure also know as the three sacred treasure of japan as follow . the sword kusanagi 草薙剣 or possibly a replica of the original locate at atsuta shrine in nagoya represent valor the jewel or necklace of jewel yasakani no magatama 八尺瓊曲玉 at kokyo in tokyo represent benevolence the mirror yata no kagami 八咫鏡 locate in the ise shrine in mie prefecture represent wisdom since 690 the presentation of these item to the emperor by the priest at the shrine be a central part of the imperial enthronement ceremony .
4 royalty royalty throne crown jewel minting privilege mining privilegeother use
9 western star name spica lord mangala mars symbol bright jewel or pearl deity tvastar or vishvakarman the celestial architect indian zodiac 23°20 kanya 6°40 tula western zodiac 19°20 libra 2°40 scorpio
14 played emma hamilton in i remember nelson . 1981 played sarah layton in the jewel in the crown 1984 played lady maud lynchwood in blott on the landscape 1985 played rose the prostitute in band of gold
42 mascot ocean park introduce a wave sea lion name whiskers know as wai wai in chinese as its major mascot on 9 december 2000 . there be 5 more member of the ocean park family james fin h 2 o a shark jewel a butterfly swift a dolphin chief a parrot and professor a turtle .
26 found by john north willys willys-overland have survive world war ii by produce the jeep vehicle for the armed force and jeep be consider the crown jewel of willys-overland .
60 however follow the september 11th attack and the current global war on terror that view begin to shift . defense secretary rumsfeld immediately direct the marine corps and usscom to work more closely together in what would be call the global war on terrorism . marine resistance to special warfare unit dissipate when marine leader watch the corp s crown jewel the 15th and 26th meu special operations capable meu(soc)s sit on the sideline during the early stage of operation enduring freedom while other special warfare unit lead the way . resistance from sof commander already in-country and indifference from the navy chain of command leave the meu(soc)s unused for over a month and only relegate to support role where sof lack manpower .
15 1991 7 seconds on the album old school 1991 anita lane and barry adamson 1991 jewel on the album revolution in heaven 1992 billy ray cyrus on the album some gave all . reached # 27 in denmark .
20 gamma phi beta s symbol be the crescent moon . the pink carnation be the official flower . the sorority jewel be the pearl . the member badge
46 seven month later in the summer of 1917 as the war situation be get worse for romania another transport be send to moscow contain the most precious object of the romanian state include the archive of the romanian academy many antique valuable such as 3,500-year-old golden jewel find in romania ancient dacian jewel the jewel of the voivode of wallachia and moldavia as well as the jewel of the romanian royalty thousand of painting as well as precious cult object own by romanian monastery such as 14th century icon and old romanian manuscript . it also contain various deposit of the romanian people at the national bank . the value of this train be hard to estimate especially because most of its contents be art object but most likely nowadays it could even surpass the value of the other train .
52 seven month later in the summer of 1917 as the war situation be get worse for romania another transport be send to moscow contain the most precious object of the romanian state include the archive of the romanian academy many antique valuable such as 3,500-year-old golden jewel find in romania ancient dacian jewel the jewel of the voivode of wallachia and moldavia as well as the jewel of the romanian royalty thousand of painting as well as precious cult object own by romanian monastery such as 14th century icon and old romanian manuscript . it also contain various deposit of the romanian people at the national bank . the value of this train be hard to estimate especially because most of its contents be art object but most likely nowadays it could even surpass the value of the other train .
54 seven month later in the summer of 1917 as the war situation be get worse for romania another transport be send to moscow contain the most precious object of the romanian state include the archive of the romanian academy many antique valuable such as 3,500-year-old golden jewel find in romania ancient dacian jewel the jewel of the voivode of wallachia and moldavia as well as the jewel of the romanian royalty thousand of painting as well as precious cult object own by romanian monastery such as 14th century icon and old romanian manuscript . it also contain various deposit of the romanian people at the national bank . the value of this train be hard to estimate especially because most of its contents be art object but most likely nowadays it could even surpass the value of the other train .
66 seven month later in the summer of 1917 as the war situation be get worse for romania another transport be send to moscow contain the most precious object of the romanian state include the archive of the romanian academy many antique valuable such as 3,500-year-old golden jewel find in romania ancient dacian jewel the jewel of the voivode of wallachia and moldavia as well as the jewel of the romanian royalty thousand of painting as well as precious cult object own by romanian monastery such as 14th century icon and old romanian manuscript . it also contain various deposit of the romanian people at the national bank . the value of this train be hard to estimate especially because most of its contents be art object but most likely nowadays it could even surpass the value of the other train .
2 imported drama jewel in the palace 大長今 a korean tv drama from mbc munhwa broadcasting corporation popular in rok japan taiwan and chicago . jur hun translate to english the way of medicine 醫道 a korean drama from munhwa broadcasting corporation mbc . oooku 大奧 a japanese drama from fuji television network .
57 the cloud-sculptors of coral d focus on a peculiar kind of sculpture make by carve cloud painting also appear in this one say goodbye to the wind focus on fashion via live fashion and sound jewelry non-aural music and erotic food be also mention in passing the screen game have no unusual technology but an unusual aesthetic jewel and screen dominate the sing statue return to sound sculpture which be probably why it be remove from the american berkley medallion edition of 1971 as the story conflict with the plot of venus smiles .
63 the dairat labguer massacre take place on june 16 1997 less than two week after parliamentary election in the hamlet of dairat labguer also mi spelled dairat labguar dairat lebguar daïat labguer daïret lebguer dairet lebguer near m sila 300 km southeast of algiers . about 50 people be kill by some 30 guerrilla who also kidnap woman kill the livestock and steal jewel . five day earlier another 17 have be kill at a village some 5 km away . the massacre be attribute to islamist group such as the gia .
19 hemichromis be a genus of fish from the family cichlidae know in the aquarium trade as jewel cichlid . jewel cichlid be native to west africa and northeast africa . within west africa hemichromis species be find in creek stream river and lake with a variety of water quality include brackish water lagoon . hoedeman j. 1974 .
22 many hemichromis species be brightly colour though brighter body colouration be generally evident during breed . sexual dimorphism be limit though male jewel cichlid be typically more brightly coloured and in some species have more pointed anal ventral and dorsal fin . in some species such as hemichromis cristatus the female can have coloring as bright as the male . like most cichlid jewel cichlid have highly develop brood care .
47 sexual dimorphism be limit though male jewel cichlid be typically more brightly coloured and in some species have more pointed anal ventral and dorsal fin . in some species such as hemichromis cristatus the female can have coloring as bright as the male . like most cichlid jewel cichlid have highly develop brood care . hemichromis species typically form monogamous breeding pair and the female spawn on a flat surface such as a leaf or stone . both parent guard the egg and participate in fry raising .
0 jewel cichlid can be attune to community tank . when introduce to a well establish community tank the aggressiveness of the cichlid be tone down because of the lack of space that can be occupy territorially . beware though the jewel cichlid can be a nasty fin nipper if you do not keep it well feed .
2 aquarium care jewel cichlid be neither suit to beginner nor the usual community tank . several young specimen may be keep in a spacious aquarium with stone and wood for cover until a pair form prior to breeding . their innate aggression make they good candidate for keep in a monospecy aquarium .
0 jewel cichlid be omnivorous and will eat both live food and fish flake .
13 splash dream by lucia asumi nakata ever blue by hanon hitomi terakado star jewel by rina mayumi asano aurora no kaze nus notte by caren ema kogure
22 description celestian often appear as a tall lean man of middle year wear black garment set with his symbol often work in jewel diamond amethyst sapphire emerald topaz jacinth and ruby that shine like distant sun . his smooth skin and his eye be ebony . his voice be a cold and unearthly whisper which carry well despite its softness but he seldom speak .
10 minneapolis-st.paul mn cub foods fargo nd hornbacher s chicago il jewel jewel-osco billings mt albertson nampa/boise id albertson
120 in the iron age the area be inhabit by a population identify with the getae and dacians speak an indo-european language the view hold that the two group be in fact one and the same be dispute for the dispute s relevancy to bucharest itself see giurescu p.30 while the culture s latter phase can be attribute to the dacians small dacian settlement be find in various place around bucharest such as herăstrău radu vodă dămăroaia lacul tei pantelimon and popeşti-leordeni . giurescu p.32-34 morintz and rosetti p.28-31 these population have commercial links with the greek city and the romans ancient greek coin be find at lacul tei and herăstrău together with a large amount of local counterfeit one and jewel and coin of roman origin in giuleşti and lacul tei . giurescu p.33 morintz and rosetti p.28-29
55 december 11 after solicit comment from the public marta recommend rail service include either modern streetcar or light rail technology for the corridor even though bus rapid transit technology would have possible lower capital cost . 2007 june 13 city of atlanta purchase over acre 0 m 2 near grant park for part of the jewel call boulevard crossing in the emerald necklace study . august 7 atlanta beltline inc acquire the first section of the corridor . in partnership with ben raney and barry real estate companies abi announce the purchase of the ne section of beltline from developer wayne and keith mason .
35 plot introduction the novel be about a gang of four international criminal who hire a young and naïve english girl as an innocent decoy in a scheme to rid an english aristocrat of she family jewel .
37 their hope fail and they be force to flee to finland then coburg germany . the provisional government permit they to leave though they be not allow to take anything of value with they . they sew jewel into the family s clothing hope it would not be discover by the authority . sullivan p . 321 they be permit to board a train without incident . their daughter kira who be eight at the time recall that for the first time there be no royal trappings .... i .e . red carpet special comfort etc . sullivan p . 322
50 in 2007 golf channel embark on its 15-year agreement as the exclusive cable television home for the pga tour . the network’s annual coverage will feature early-round coverage of the entire fedex cup season include the world golf championships the tour championship and the player championship the pga tour’s crown jewel . in total early-round coverage of 30 event will air on golf channel . also include in the package will be 13 full four-round event begin with the season’s first three tournament – mercedes-benz championship sony open in hawaii and the bob hope chrysler classic host by arnold palmer – and the six official money event follow the tour championship .
10 his work which have often be refer to as pottery jewel be notable for the use of mimbres design on sienna miniature and for the chemical treatment of various clay which produce different color when kiln-fire .
36 kdka-tv and wjz-tv dominate their market while wbz-tv and kpix be solid runner-up . the only exception be wpcq and especially kyw-tv . the philadelphia station have be one of westinghouse s and nbc s crown jewel for many year but falter in the late 1970 and eventually become nbc s weakest major-market affiliate by the middle 1980s .
57 today the building be own by wayne county michigan and serve as its headquarters . build in 1928 and finish in 1929 the building be originally call the union trust building and be a bold example of art deco architecture include art moderne design . zacharias pat march 10 2001 .guardian building have long be the crown jewel in the detroit skyline . michigan history detroit news . retrieve on july 28 2008 .
63 see savage infra . its nickname cathedral of finance allude both to the building s resemblance to a cathedral with its tower over the main entrance and octagonal apse at the opposite end and to new york city s woolworth building which have earlier be dub the cathedral of commerce . zacharias pat march 21 2001 .guardian building have long be the crown jewel in the detroit skyline . michigan history detroit news . retrieve on june 2 2008 .
56 after lose 18 of his son to zahhāk s serpent he rebel against the foreign ruler of persia and lead the people to overthrow the tyrant king . as a symbol of resistance and unity he raise his leather apron on a spear know as the derafsh kaviani . this flag be later decorate with precious jewel and become the symbol of persian independence resistance and resilience as well as the revolutionary symbol of the mass in their fight against foreign invader .
33 if sersi think she would be free from disaster in this new world she be mistake . almost straight away she be possess by the spirit of one of the infinity gems fabled jewel of power that have once be the embodiment of the being know as infinity .
92 sir simon de canterville say that she must weep for he for he have no tear she must pray for he for he have no faith and then she must accompany he to the angel of death and beg for death s mercy upon sir simon . she do weep for he and pray for he and she disappear with sir simon through the wainscoting and go with he to the garden of death and bid the ghost farewell . then she reappear at midnight through a panel in the wall carry jewel and news that sir simon have pass on to the next world and no longer reside in the house . virginia’s ability to accept sir simon lead to she enlightenment sir simon she tell she husband several year later help she understand “what life be what death signify and why love be stronger than both . ”
32 throughout the 1980 the school see continued expansion . the college build the humanities building expand the library and finish construction of what be think of at the time as the crown jewel of the campus the 1.3 million dollar student center . enrollment also grow with nearly 3,000 student attend bellevue college in 1983 . by the mid-1980 higher education have change in the omaha metro area .
26 in silent hill 3 heather s pendant which be give to she by she father harry the protagonist of the first game contain a small red jewel . it be later discover that this jewel be a small capsule of aglaophoti . towards the end of the game heather swallow it cause she to vomit out the god grow within she .
34 in silent hill 3 heather s pendant which be give to she by she father harry the protagonist of the first game contain a small red jewel . it be later discover that this jewel be a small capsule of aglaophoti . towards the end of the game heather swallow it cause she to vomit out the god grow within she .
38 disconnect be an album by the german idm group funkstörung . it be release on march 29 2004 and be the first album of the duo to feature real pop song with sing vocal . the cd s jewel case be pack in a partly translucent sleeve with the inlay consist of 10 loose card design by various design bureau . two singles be release both double a-side disconnected/fat camp feva and moon addicted/chopping heads . the former single have additional remix of the two song while the latter add two unreleased bonus track basic ppo blues and generation fat .
64 this become his first jamaican number one hit and also feature in a television advert for the honda motorcycle that inspire it . the first album to feature his vocal chi chi run be produce by prince buster in 1972 . distinctive musically his half-sung style contrast with his contemporary he be also visually distinctive with his tooth inlay with red gold and green jewel .
30 23 bowzock s best gold medal athlete . resemble an olympic torch a reference to the atlanta olympics be hold that year . he be send to steal a magical jewel from a princess . kill by rv robo . tt terurin テーテーテルリン tētē terurin
54 synopsis the film be set in 1913 beijing during yuan shikai s presidency of the republic of china . it depict the adventure of a team of unlikely heroine tsao wan brigitte lin a patriotic rebel who dress as a man sheung hung cherie chung a woman in search of a miss box of jewel and pat neil sally yeh the daughter of a peking opera impresario .
21 the shako the wide-brimmed hat in the arm of marco foppoli constantly appear be crown sometimes state to be encrust with jewel such as emerald and coronet of various kind two circlet of the crown of a king of arms in the arm of sir albert william woods#ppa148,m1 the gothick crown
47 by the time he be 25 year old he have already reach the 10-title plateau become the youngest player in pba history to reach that mark . storm staff bowler bio at www .stormbowling.com at age 26 he win the pba national championship give he all three jewel of the pba s triple crown achieve by win the u.s. open tournament of champions and pba national championship .
46 he have also win the most modern-day u.s. open title 4 . weber be one of five pba player to have earn the career triple crown . if he win one more tournament of champions title he will become the first bowler to win all three jewel of the triple crown at least twice in a career .
38 aside from the homo magus gemworld be home to all the traditional faerie race . each realm contain a vein of the appropriate birthstone and its fragment be mined to make their royal family s jewelry . these jewel increase their magic power enormously . wallace dan 2008 dorling kindersley london pp . 14 isbn 0-7566-4119-5
32 plot summary ko chow chow yun-fat be an undercover cop who be under pressure from all side . his boss inspector lau yueh sun want he to infiltrate a gang of ruthless jewel thief in order to do this he must obtain some handgun his girlfriend carrie ng want he to commit to marriage or she will leave hong kong with another lover and he be be pursue by other cop who be unaware that he be a colleague .
55 ame-no-nuhoko 天沼矛 heavenly jewelled spear be the name give to the nagina in japanese mythology use to raise the primordial land-mass onōgoro-shima from the sea . accord to the kojiki the god izanagi and izanami be responsible for create the first land . to help they do this they be give a nagina decorate with jewel name ame-no-nuboko . the two deity then go to the bridge between heaven and earth ame-no-ukihashi floating bridge of heaven and churn the sea below with the nagina . when drop of salty water fall from the tip they form into the first island onōgoro-shima .
52 frey be freyja s older brother . he be bring to earth to aid heimdall in the destruction of loki but quickly drop that mission to search for freyja once he realize she be there too . somewhere along the line he decide to get loki s attention by become a master jewel thief the natural enemy of any great detective . impulsive and quixotic frey seem to think of everything in term of romantic cliché dramatic stereotype and absurd non sequitur . his primary agenda be to find freyja or at least ensure that loki be not corrupt she .
24 more than 2,500 tunisian jews die in a network of ss slave labor camp before the germans withdraw . rauff s man also steal jewel silver gold and religious artifact from the tunisian jews . forty-three kilogram of gold be take from the jewish community on the island of djerba alone . tony paterson article cite .
59 ernie roth june 7 1929 october 12 1983 best know as the grand wizard of wrestling also well know as abdullah farouk be a professional wrestling manager of many infamous heel . not a wrestler himself due to his small stature he be note for his flamboyant outfit of sequined jacket wraparound sunglass and a brightly-colored turban decorate with jewel and feather .
34 there be four level each with a guardian at the end . after completion of a level the player meet a trader and depend on the wealth accumulate during the game by catch diamond-shaped jewel or bag can buy more powerful weapon or item xenon 2 megablast use the same idea .
29 in tantra and purana jagaddhatri be depict as be the colour of the morning sun three-eyed and four-armed hold chakra conch bow and arrow deck with red attire bright jewel and nagajangopaveeta a symbol of yoga and the brahman . she ride a lion stand on the dead karindrasura the elephant demon . “jagaddhatri arise in the heart of a person say sri ramakrishna “who can control the frantic elephant call mind . ”
3 a part engrave jewel have also be find in the vicinity . such activity would have need skilled not slave labour . no workshop or furnace have yet be find but it be likely that both exist on site .
23 include an animation of a water wheel use to empty the dolaucothi gold mine of water . description of site by cadw cultural jewel of wales under metal mining and manufacturing #ppa301,m1 early reference carreg pumsaint
33 the austrian crown jewels be for the most part keep at the schatzkammer imperial treasury locate in the hofburg palace in vienna . they be a collection of imperial and royal regalia and jewel date from the 10th century to the 19th . they be one of the biggest and most important collection of royal object still in existence and reflect more than a thousand year of european history . the treasury can be quantify into six important part
5 ken jennings 74-time jeopardy champion jewel bear 1974 singer-songwriter guitarist actress and poet k thomas kearns u.s. senator from utah 1901–1905 own the silver king coalition mine in park city and the salt lake tribune utah s largest newspaper
20 though touristy foumban be one of cameroon s major attraction and an important centre of traditional african art . its jewel be the palais royal seat of power for the bamoun people . the ruler of the bamoun be know as the sultan and the bamoun can trace the lineage of their sultan back to 1394 .
40 the arboretum be home to the pinecote pavilion design by the late e. fay jones . jones be an apprentice to frank lloyd wright and follow many of wright s design principle . the pavilion be one of the architectural jewel of not only pearl river county but also mississippi .
39 unknown reference please add there be also account by the student that many of the religious finding be either hidden or destroy by the authority . folk story and oral history also provide place for a magnificent kingdom of jewel and gold . outside peninsular and insular southeast asia there be some oral history in india that suggest the presence of golden chariot and jewel in hidden cave at what may be the bujang valley and mount jerai . some visitor to the antiquity department at muzium negara have eye witness recollection of magnificent object such as a 10 foot tall raja bersiung throne and various idol and item from the valley .
60 there be also account by the student that many of the religious finding be either hidden or destroy by the authority . folk story and oral history also provide place for a magnificent kingdom of jewel and gold . outside peninsular and insular southeast asia there be some oral history in india that suggest the presence of golden chariot and jewel in hidden cave at what may be the bujang valley and mount jerai . some visitor to the antiquity department at muzium negara have eye witness recollection of magnificent object such as a 10 foot tall raja bersiung throne and various idol and item from the valley .
23 he have appear on stage at the national theatre and the royal court theatre . another feature film tuesday see he play a jewel thief alongside john simm philip glenister and cristian solimeno .
60 in the meantime buffy wake alone in angel s bed force cordelia to tell she what s happen . in the nick of time buffy find angel and the mohra at the bottom of an empty salt silo and take over the fight while the demon declaim prophecy about dark horde and the end of day . angel spot the jewel on the demon s forehead remember that destroy its thousand eye will stop it and shout instruction to the embattled slayer . use one of its own weapon buffy smash the mohra s forehead jewel whereupon the demon fracture and shatter in a burst of radiant light . in the sudden quiet buffy kneel down and gather the battered angel into she arm .
76 in the nick of time buffy find angel and the mohra at the bottom of an empty salt silo and take over the fight while the demon declaim prophecy about dark horde and the end of day . angel spot the jewel on the demon s forehead remember that destroy its thousand eye will stop it and shout instruction to the embattled slayer . use one of its own weapon buffy smash the mohra s forehead jewel whereupon the demon fracture and shatter in a burst of radiant light . in the sudden quiet buffy kneel down and gather the battered angel into she arm .
55 a limited run of copy be release on february 8 in special chocolate box packaging for valentine s day include several lithograph of original mitchell painting . many of these be return to store as the cd holder in the box would not reliably hold the disc and copy often arrive scratch . a regular jewel case edition be release on march 20 . both sides now be also available on dvd-audio . as of december 2007 the album have sell 323,000 copy in the us.
87 nevertheless they advance on 24 yakatit and an attachment be able to find the rebellious governor and put he to flight . once the remainder of amda seyon s army arrive they destroy the capital and kill many soldier but sabr ad-din once again escape . amda seyon s force then group together for a final attack destroy one of his camp kill many man woman and child take the rest as prisoner as well as loot it of its gold silver and its fine clothes and jewel without number .
8 hikaru midorikawa we be ... lyrics masaaki endoh jewel happy ice cream ai no tane あいのたね tomoe ohmi junai hakusho 純愛白書 kaori kagairibi篝火
75 another aspect of the palm tree can be the usage of the palm tree as a symbol of victory for ancient rome whereas in christianity it be a representation of martyrdom—triumph over death—so in conclusion we can say that the palm in general represent triumph . the other tree in the painting be from the carob family the seed from the tree be use as a unit of measurement . they measure valuable stone and jewel . this tree and its seed be associate with crown suggest christ as the king of king or the virgin as the future queen of heaven also that this be nature s gift to the new bear christ . as with michelangelo s doni tondo the background be probably suppose to represent the pagan world supplant by the christian world as inaugurate by the event in the foreground .
10 ez2dj 3rd trax absolute pitch 2001 # andy lee 2nd jewel # andy lee anemia # andy lee lie lie
46 it be an inexpensively price long-running ep issue mostly as a promotional tool for she album sister of avalon release the same year . it compile song from she previous album a combination of hit and non-charting album track . it be release in a normal jewel case and sell for around $ 5.99 american dollars . it be produce by sony music special products .
7 the 10 percenter 1993 tv 1992 tv jewel 1992 minus tv duel of hearts 1992 tv an actor s life for i 1991 tv
19 in 1840 king ferdinand ii of portugal start a restoration program of the abandon and ruin convent save this jewel of gothic architecture . the restoration would last till the early year of the 20th century . it be declare a national monument in 1907 .
74 the pair write under the pseudonym jack mckinney . he write a tribute to daley which be post on daley s website along with photo of the two of they . brian daley tribute by james luceno daley and luceno be also amongst a team of writer for the 1986 television cartoon series the adventure of the galaxy rangers luceno alone also write two episode for the 1995 cartoon series princess gwenevere and the jewel rider both of they create by robert mandell .
26 the excitement of find the queen be quickly go when it be report that there have be a robbery of forty thousand dollar in security and jewel from the tower mansion own by sibling hurd and adelia applegate . hurd applegate be convince that the tower s caretaker henry robinson be the guilty party . the hardys be especially concern by this accusation because henry s son perry be a friend of theirs who will have to quit school to work since his father can no longer get a job as a result of applegate s accusation .
37 bow low he leave they . the lover rejoice in their freedom manon des grieux ah ah liberi . lescaut urge they to leave the house at once but manon hesitate at the thought of leave she jewel and pretty frock . again lescaut enter in breathless haste make sign that they must depart immediately . manon snatch up she jewel and they go to the door .
41 lescaut urge they to leave the house at once but manon hesitate at the thought of leave she jewel and pretty frock . again lescaut enter in breathless haste make sign that they must depart immediately . manon snatch up she jewel and they go to the door . it be lock by geronte s order . soldier appear to arrest manon who in try to escape drop the jewel at geronte s foot .
32 manon snatch up she jewel and they go to the door . it be lock by geronte s order . soldier appear to arrest manon who in try to escape drop the jewel at geronte s foot . she be drag off and des grieux be not permit to follow she des grieux manon lescaut sergeant geronte lescaut – tu qui .
40 history digipaks typically consist of a gatefold book-style paperboard or card stock outer binding with one or more plastic tray capable of hold a cd or dvd attach to the inside . since digipaks be among the first alternative to jewel case to be use by major record company and because there be no other common name for digipak-style packaging make by other company the term digipak or digi-pak reflect walmart.com usage as see be often use generically even when the media holder be a hub or soft spot soft-spot cd package rather than a full plastic tray .
41 digipak-style packaging be often use for cd singles or special edition of cd album and the tall dvd digipak dvdigipak be use as a premium package for dvd and dvd set . because such packaging be less resistant to abrasion than jewel case it tend to show sign of wear relatively quickly . licensed digipak manufacturer such as domestic u.s. printer and disc replicator oasis disc manufacturing recommend coating the raw print paper with a protective uv coating thus ensure greater longevity .
7 although less vulnerable to cracking than a jewel case the disc tray inside the package particularly the teeth of the hub which secure the disc in place remain rather brittle and be prone to crack if the package be crush . digipak-style case grow in popularity among record label and record artist in the early 2000s .
37 after the crowd leave tigrana enter cry . she be upset that no one will see she weep for edgar . frank and the monk ask she to denounce edgar but she resist until they offer she jewel . the crowd return . the monk claim that edgar betray his country for some gold and tigrana reluctantly confirm this .
15 predecessor the original elevated station which open on june 10 1901 be consider the crown jewel of the boston elevated railway system which have just be complete . surface streetcar run up to the level of the elevated station allow cross-platform transfer underneath an expansive trainshed .
88 the smoke be a time exposure to give it a thickness and glow . when we run the ad egm or gamepro i can not remember send we a survey they do month later with their reader that have that ad list as the most remembered ad from the whole magazine which i think justify the experiment . we try it again for vasteel but the result be not that great so we only use part of one of the space scene on the back cover of the jewel case .
17 kcie knight commander of the indian empire frsa fellow of the royal society of arts dharam rattan jewel of righteousness alha malik high master himachal ratan jewel of the himalayas
11 dharam rattan jewel of righteousness alha malik high master himachal ratan jewel of the himalayas
34 heart of stone be an american r&b song . it be write by rudy jackson a member of the san bernardino california-based rhythm and blues vocal group the jewels no relation to the female jewel group from washington dc which first record it for the r&b label in 1954 . dave marsh 1999 . .
56 c.j. segerstrom sons be a family business incorporated as a major real estate company in orange county along with the irvine company and the o'neill family especially in the city of costa mesa . swedish immigrant carl segerstrom start out by buy a large lima bean farm in 1900 . in 1967 construction begin on the jewel in their crown south coast plaza . the enormous shopping mall be one of the highest grossing in the country with over 300 store and around one billion dollar in annual sale . the family s monetary donation provide for the construction of the orange county performing arts center on land also donate by the family/company .
68 under nbc network affiliation channel 4 have be the top-rated station in the bay area for almost 40 year at the time of the purchase but be currently in 6th place behind kgo-tv kpix kntv ktvu and kbcw . as a result of plummet rating young lose $ 373 million from 2001 to 2006 . despite the decision to sell its biggest station young still consider kron a jewel . young broadcasting put bay area s kron-tv up for sale
57 it be a plain stone building 8.5 m 28 ft by 3.8 m 12 1/2 ft and 4.1 m 13 1/2 ft high it have a door on the north side and a window on the west and a niche contain a small black image of the virgin and child in lebanon cedar and richly adorn with jewel . the statue be commission after a fire in the casa santa in 1921 and be crown in the vatican in 1922 by pope pius xi. around the house be a tall marble screen design by bramante and execute under popes leo x clement vii and paul iii by andrea sansovino girolamo lombardo bandinelli guglielmo dellum porta and other .
48 she would face economic collapse if the coast would be blockade against she . the hostile attitude of the trader of kalinga inflict a serious damage on she which be allude to by lama taranatha . accord to taranatha the serpent of the eastern sea steal away the jewel of ashoka at which the emperor become angry and invade their territory . thus a war with kalinga be not only political but also of economic necessity .observes dr. r. p. mohapatra . dr. r. p. mohapatra 1986 page 10-11 .
105 the vanity projects as he dub they perform two show in the firebird lounge of the carnival legend . the band include steven page vocals guitar jay coyle drum vocal chandler coyle bass and allan fogul guitar vocal . the band perform with page on each of the lady subsequent cruise in january 2008 two show in the carnival victory s adriatic lounge on ships and dip iii with craig northey guitar vocal and murray atkinson guitar vocal keyboard from the new odds in place of fogul and in january 2009 one show on ships and dip v in the spinnaker lounge on the norwegian jewel with doug elliot bass also of the odds in place of chandler coyle .
29 11 june 2005 horse racing afleet alex pass giacomo in the final turn at belmont park in elmont new york and run away with the belmont stakes the final jewel of the now meaningless triple crown . nfl europe the amsterdam admirals defeat the berlin thunder 27-21 to win world bowl xiii hold at the ltu arena in düsseldorf . boxing
50 the killer take a shot at the cop and escape onto the nearby elevated train . when question about the steal jewelry frank claim that they be all present from jean which reveal his true relationship with she much to ruth s chagrin . frank be then arrest for the jewel theft but the murder case remain open . halloran learn that a body recover from the east river that of peter backalis walter burke a small-time burglar die within hour of the dexter murder and connect the two incident . muldoon although skeptical let he pursue the lead and assign two veteran detective on the squad to help halloran with the legwork .
62 the album contain a cover of lead zeppelin s immigrant song . it be also release as a limited edition digipak in europe with an alternate cover and four bonus track on a second disc . for the north american release all fourteen song appear on one disc which have the limited edition cover in the form of a sleeve around the jewel case .
17 however it be judge impractical to charge the ex-king with in effect steal part of the crown jewel . the crown be only return to britain follow his death in 1972 and be now part of the honour of the principality of wales .
17 will be the leader of the guardians and hold the heart of kandrakar or candracar a mystical jewel that convert the five element into mystical energy allow the girl to transform and magnify their power . she have the power of quintessence and absolute energy . she theme color be pink and she symbol be a pink equal sign .
64 king granseal and his minister attend to the tower of the ancient under which be magically seal a sleeping evil know as zeon the devil king . they observe the storm s come at an unusual time of year insinuate ominousness . meanwhile in a shrine south of granseal castle a thief name slade unwittingly break the magic seal s power by steal two jewel of light and darkness which eventually loose zeon . at the castle with what appear and sound like a tremendous bolt of lightning a sealed door in the tower of the ancients be open . the minister of the king become alarmed ...
30 when the true danger of the open door be realize bowie and friend have to fight against the invading army of zeon to find the holy sword and the steal jewel so they may once again reseal the devil king in arc valley .
34 plot upon discover that his wife be have an affair depress insomniac ed okin jeff goldblum drive aimlessly around los angeles he end up at the airport where he be surprise by a beautiful jewel smuggler diana michelle pfeiffer who land on his car and beg he to drive she away from four iranian secret police agent who be chase she . she persuade he to drive she to various location and he become embroil in she predicament . after become increasingly exasperated with she demand he discover that diana have smuggle priceless emerald from the shah of iran s treasury into the country and be be pursue by various assorted assailant include the aforementioned savak agent and a british hitman david bowie .
6 replicas of bolesław chrobry s crown jewel
33 several royal crown be make include several during the 16th century a hungarian crown a swedish crown use by the vasa king and other that be subsequently lose or destroy . the crown jewel use by the saxon king and some reminder of the polish monarch like a cup of queen jadwiga so-called roztruchan or magnificent karacena armour of king jan iii sobieski appropriate by frederick augustus i elector of saxony polish hanna widacka . . . polish . .
59 25 in the real world the narrator be call urgently to the hall . eric lindon have find arthur forester still live he have be unconscious or delirious for several month and go unrecognised as the doctor . on return to his own lodgings the narrator witness his last scene from outland bruno and sylvie discover that the two jewel vol . 1 ch . 6 be in fact one .
42 a pious priest when on his deathbed be urge by two jacobin friar to revoke some of the charitable bequest he have already make so that he may give something to their order . the priest promise to give they a precious jewel which turn out to be his bladder . jill mann the canterbury tales notes to the summoner s tale london penguin 2005 .
2 the sovereign jewel be a stove that serve as an excellent example of how americans in the 1880 s would go to great length to make work of art out of ordinary household object .
80 the leader of the british troops be major general david baird an implacable enemy of the sultan twenty year earlier he have be hold captive by the sultan for 44 month . the storming troops include man of the 73rd and 74th regiment clamber up the breach and fight their way along the rampart . after the company troops have take the city the sultan s body be find among the dead shoot in the head and strip of his jewel .
12 adaptionswilkie collins s novel the moonstone begin with the looting of the jewel remove from srirangapatna in 1799 from the legendary treasury of tipu saltan . the battle of srirangapatna be adapt and be the main conflict in the novel sharpe s tiger by bernard cornwell .
4 accord to the game jewel box the game take three year to develop with a team of over 100 member . citation need
38 they find that the hinge of the place they be lock in be bad joe and frank take turn to pry they off . finally the boy escape . the boy overhear the gang talk about steal some jewel . they now have a second job to do .
28 it end up that the police have come just in time to save the boy . although the boy be fine the criminal escape . hexton steal the jewel and take a ride on flight 101 . joe and frank also take a ride on flight on fight 101 but see nothing suspicious . when everyone be exit the plane the boy think they see hexton .
32 jack smith be stan s real father . for most of his life stan believe his father to be a top secret agent in con heir . in reality he be a jewel thief . after the man stan pay to pretend to be his father die grandpa smith the real jack drop in on the family . roger develop a boy crush on jack but the other family member be wary of he roger even go so far as to dress like he and keep francine lock in a cage because jack put she in there .
38 in addition to their social dancing dean and jewel appear together as dancer in film of the era . they be partner for 11 year and they be often call the fred and ginger of lindy hop . jewel be especially know for she hip swivel which remain admire and unrivaled to this day .
36 extreme planets — a tour of what earthlike extrasolar planet might look like narrate by rene auberjonois the secret of the cardboard rocket — popular animated family show visit the object of our solar system saturn jewel of the heavens — fully immersive journey to saturn through the eye of the cassini-huygens space mission sounds of the underground techno and club music light show feature full-dome animation laser beamwork and light effect rock on demand — classic rock themed music entertainment show user-controlled jukebox selection of music
19 pocket dragon adventure the power team cartoon segment of the first season of video power princess gwenevere and the jewel rider broadcast and release in europe as starla and the jewel riders roswell conspiracies aliens myth and legend scruff
6 hindu mythology kaustubha be a divine jewel the most valuable stone mani be in the possession of vishnu . hindu mythology christian mythology
48 the sampo a magic mill in finnish mythology the thirteen treasure of the island of britain take by merlin to his cave for safekeep until the time when they be again need matter of britain the three sacred treasure of japan consist of the kusanagi see above the jewel necklace yasakani no magatama 八尺瓊曲玉 and the mirror yata no kagami 八咫鏡
8 it contain two family buprestidae leach 1815 the jewel beetle or metallic wood-boring beetle . schizopodidae leconte 1861
13 1920 s12 b13 . from the hidden way 1916 s13 b14 verse the jewel merchant 1921 s13 b15 play the rivet in grandfather s neck 1915 s14 b16 . the eagle s shadow 1904 rev.
70 serge grow tire of this diversion however and escape once more . his newest obsession involve investigate the circumstance surround his grandfather s death forty year earlier when he allegedly commit suicide by wander into the ocean at a miami beach . serge s grandfather who pass on many of his habit and interest as well as his mental instability to his grandson may have be involve with a lucrative jewel theft shortly before his disappearance however so his friend be understandably reluctant to talk .
24 espn soccernet . 2005-09-02 . . he then start his first game for argentina against peru after the match pekerman describe messi as a jewel . homewood brian 2005-10-10 . rediff . .
53 dodwell 49 discuss the reason for this . the over-sized and heavily decorate initial of insular art be adopt and the historiate initial further develop with small narrative scene see for the first time towards the end of the period notably in the drogo sacramentary . luxury manuscript be give rich cover with jewel set in gold and carve ivory panel and as in insular art be prestige object keep in the church or treasury and a different class of object from the work manuscript keep in the library where some initial might be decorate and pen drawing add in a few place . a few of the grandest imperial manuscript be write on purple parchment . the bern physiologus be a relatively rare example of a secular manuscript heavily illustrate with fully paint miniature lie in between these two class and perhaps produce for the private library of an important individual .
14 luxury carolingian manuscript be intend to have ornate cover in precious metal set with jewel around central carve ivory panel sometimes these be donate some time after the manuscript itself be produce . only a few such cover have survive intact but many of the ivory panel survive detached where the cover have be break up for their material . the subject be often narrative religious scene in vertical section largely derive from late antique painting and carving as be those with more hieratic image derive from consular diptych and other imperial art such as the front and back cover of the lorsch gospels which adapt a 6th century imperial triumph to the triumph of christ and the virgin .
35 in 1969 thompson record a solo album call corky s debt to his father for a small label call texas revolution . the album which have come to be regard by many as the unheralded jewel of the krayola catalogue be devoid of thompson s usual avant-garde indulgence and consist instead of ten lyrically dense but warm-hearted pop song in various style dylan-inspired blues-rock tex-mex pop-rock with psychedelic touch and early country rock not dissimilar to the contemporary work of gram parsons and the flying burrito brothers . thompson be back by studio musician on the album and none of his usual krayola or 13th floor elevator cohort appear .
27 in 2009 the packaging and artwork be re-work by their art director ee storey . it be now package without plastic in a cardboard sleeve and the jewel case version be no longer available . this new configuration be available in their online store at maplemusic.com .
40 eventually we will be able to give extensive teaching and benefit other in many way by organize special program and so forth . in this way we will make both our own and other human life extremely meaningful . wishfulfill jewel for dharma practitioners the benefit of the foundation and teacher training programs by geshe kelsang gyatso . 1990-10 . retrieve 2008-12-07 .
11 it be also clear that imriel be obsess with the green jewel that be give to terre d'ange by astegal . this green gem be suppose to protect terre d'ange from invasion and that inhabitant of the city have tear it apart look for the gem . imriel s obsession with it cause a bit of a rift between he and the queen and king as well as phedre and joscelin .
30 dave dorman s cover for moonstone s boston blackie . boston blackie be a fictional character create by author jack boyle bear before 1880 die circa 1928 . originally a jewel thief and safecracker in boyle s novel he become a detective in adaptation for film radio and television—an enemy to those who make he an enemy friend to those who have no friend .
9 in the columbia feature boston blackie be a reformed jewel thief who be always suspect when a daring robbery be commit . in order to clear himself he investigate the crime personally and bring the actual culprit to justice sometimes use disguise . an undercurrent of comedy run throughout the action/detective series .
27 graphic novels scripter stefan petrucha and artist kirk van wormer create the graphic novel boston blackie moonstone book 2002 with a cover by tim seelig . a jewel heist at a costume ball go horribly wrong and the five-year-old son of the wealthy greene family disappear and be presume dead the body be never find . the main suspect be boston blackie who be still haunt seven year later by what happen that night . draw back into the case he find that the truth of what happen that night be awash in a watery grave .
12 until recently building commission to house the school be among the architectural jewel of the city and always be strategically place at the summit of a hill the easier to be point to with pride . one of the school s motto be always a hill always a tower always a timepiece . construction on lahs original building begin on july 19 1872 .
24 as far as i know the name brilliant be of russian/polish/jewish origin and be akin to other jewish name relate to precious metal and jewel e.g . gold silver diamond ruby pearl . one meaning of brilliant be a kind of diamond .
22 tendrement be the second album for french pop singer lorie . it originally come out on september 16 2002 in a regular jewel case version and a limited edition cardboard box contain the cd in a digipak and eight postcard feature the famous blond singer . on december 2 2002 a limited christmas edition of the album be release in digipak form with extra track and a dvd...but no more postcard . finally on june 2 2003 the regular jewel case be re-released to include the hit single sur un air latino .
68 it originally come out on september 16 2002 in a regular jewel case version and a limited edition cardboard box contain the cd in a digipak and eight postcard feature the famous blond singer . on december 2 2002 a limited christmas edition of the album be release in digipak form with extra track and a dvd...but no more postcard . finally on june 2 2003 the regular jewel case be re-released to include the hit single sur un air latino . as of september 20 2004 this version can be buy jointly with the singer s debut album près de toi .
14 in 1378 the keeper gain control over at least a part of the royal jewel and have a box in which he keep they with two key one for himself and the other for the lord treasurer . this be the beginning of the jewel house department .
54 follow richard de podnecott s attempt robbery of the chamber of the pyx in 1303 the coronation regalia such as st . edward s crown be move to the tower of london for safekeeping . a new jewel house be build near the white tower in 1378 and by the 1530 the reserve of jewel and plate be bring together in the rebuilt jewel house on the south side of the white tower . the upper floor be for the regalia and the lower for the plate .
16 from 1782 until 1814 there be only the resident caretaker to guard the regalia and other jewel at the tower of london . in 1814 a keeper of the jewel house be appoint . he have a servant as exhibitor rename curator in 1921 who be responsible for the day-to-day custody of the jewel .
53 from 1782 until 1814 there be only the resident caretaker to guard the regalia and other jewel at the tower of london . in 1814 a keeper of the jewel house be appoint . he have a servant as exhibitor rename curator in 1921 who be responsible for the day-to-day custody of the jewel .
47 an assistant curator be appoint in 1963 and a second in 1968 when a new independent body of warden and senior warden be create to replace the former detail of yeomen warders of the tower of london who have be responsible for the outward protection of the jewel .
17 new security and display technology be also incorporated include fibre optics to light the display and the jewel be protect by 2 inch thick shatter-proof glass . the case be of brass and contain inert material and filter air . the jewel rest on french velvet .
41 new security and display technology be also incorporated include fibre optics to light the display and the jewel be protect by 2 inch thick shatter-proof glass . the case be of brass and contain inert material and filter air . the jewel rest on french velvet .
17 the jewel house and control room occupy the whole ground floor of the waterloo barracks . the jewel be move 9 january 1994 and the new jewel house be open by she majesty queen elizabeth ii 24 march 1994 .
52 while live in france grand duchess elena become deeply involve in charity work for russian exile particularly child . short of money due to their exile from greece and the loss of their russian income prince nicholas and his family live in reduced but elegant circumstance . grand duchess elena s fabulous jewel collection as well as prince nicholas own artwork be their source of income .
28 comadur be a swiss manufacturing company base in the town of le locle near la chaux-de-fonds . it be part of the swatch group and specialize in produce jewel bear stone sapphire crystal and ceramic component for the watch make industry .
59 kabumpo be know for his wisdom in pumperdink but that might be because he shine in comparison to king pompus . in his adventure he be usually portray as too sure about some conviction—who be a proper princess who be the lost king what be the best way to save the kingdom—and highly concern with his elegant robe and jewel . however kabumpo be also able to learn from mistake and a travel prince can have no bigger friend or protector .
15 be adorn with the crescent moon . she multiple arm hold auspicious weapon and emblem jewel and ornament garment and utensil garland and rosary of bead all offer by the god . with she golden
43 critical reception film critic roger ebert laud the drama and write blood wine be a richly textured crime picture base on the personality of man who make their living desperately . jack nicholson and michael caine be the star as partner in a jewel theft that go wrong in a number of way each way illustrate deep flaw in how they choose to live . it be a morality play really but drip with humid sex and violence . ebert roger .
20 plot the film open just after world-famous opera singer alice alquist have be murder . the perpetrator bolt without the jewel he seek after be interrupt by paula bergman alice s niece who be raise by she aunt follow she mother s death .
67 whenever she show up she face betrays a feeling of disdain paula become convince that nancy loathe she . unknown to paula gregory be in fact sergius bauer she aunt s murderer . he seek out paula in italy manage to win she heart marry she and suggest they live in london all so he could get back into the house to continue search for alice s jewel . he have be secretly rummage through alice s belongings in the attic to find the jewel he be certain be there but so well hide he have be unable to find they . he do everything in his power to convince his wife she be go mad so he can have she certified insane and institutionalized after which he can search without impediment .
65 unknown to paula gregory be in fact sergius bauer she aunt s murderer . he seek out paula in italy manage to win she heart marry she and suggest they live in london all so he could get back into the house to continue search for alice s jewel . he have be secretly rummage through alice s belongings in the attic to find the jewel he be certain be there but so well hide he have be unable to find they . he do everything in his power to convince his wife she be go mad so he can have she certified insane and institutionalized after which he can search without impediment .
82 he turn out to be inspector brian cameron of scotland yard cotten an admirer of alice alquist since his childhood . by enlist the support of the housekeeper elizabeth barbara everest who suspect she master be at the root of all the odd event and a neighborhood busybody dame may whitty cameron be able to delve into the long-cold case . the dramatic conclusion come as he move in to arrest gregory on the evening that the latter at last discover the jewel that he have seek for so long .
41 there be other o'kelly branch armorial bearings that have slight difference . however one thing that they all have in common be the green enfield as their crest sit aloof a golden crown with three crest and a base of stud jewel .
28 the child a boy be bear and leave with an orphanage and soon adopt by a western couple . the only hint of his impressive heritage be a jewel encrust necklace a gift bruce give to talia just before qayin attack ra s hq .
44 these trader help spread islam in the area . in 1487 sunan giri syech maulana malik ibrahim also know as sultan ainul yaqin begin to rule gresik . in his 1515 book suma oriental portuguese apothecary and traveller tomé pires describe gresik as the jewel of java in trading port ricklefs m.c. 2nd . ed . 1991 .
62 it be locate in the southern slope of the east hill . the cave s beauty come from its many variety of mineral formation call speleothem . the chicago academy of sciences consider the cave of the mounds to be the significant cave of the upper midwest because of its beauty cave of the mounds website and it be promote as the jewel box of major american cave . in 1988 the united states department of the interior and the national park service designate the cave as a national natural landmark . show caves of the united states cave of the mounds
37 land rover paint with pink camouflage for desert operation the pink panthers a name use by different gay rights organization in north america and worldwide since the 1970 s pink panthers a name give to an international jewel thief network by interpol jim the pink panther rock an irish professional boxer
16 in the 2008 series of last of the summer wine he guest star as a fake jewel thief try to impress the lady .
58 corcovado national park spanish parque nacional corcovado be a national park on the osa peninsula in the south west of costa rica 9° north 83° west which be part of the osa conservation area . it be establish on 24 october 1975 and encompass an area of 425 km² 263 mi² . it be widely consider the crown jewel in the extensive system of national park and biological reserve spread across the country . the ecological variety be quite stunning . national geographic have call it the most biologically intense place on earth .
8 this small village found in 1715 be a jewel in the middle of the honduran mount locate in the departamento of ocopetepeque and close to gracias and san sebastian to the south . the highlight of the village be the colonial church of la trinidad and sunday market where the lenca people come to sale and get basic supplies .
38 poirot receive a visit from miss mary marvell the famous american film star on she visit to london . she have receive three letter hand to she by a chinaman which warn she to return she fabulous diamond jewel the western star to where it come from – the left eye of an idol – before the next full moon . she husband gregory rolf who buy it from a chinaman in san francisco give mary the jewel three year ago . the pair be go to stay at yardly chase the home of lord and lady yardly when the moon be next full to discuss the making of a film there and mary be determine to go with she diamond .
77 poirot receive a visit from miss mary marvell the famous american film star on she visit to london . she have receive three letter hand to she by a chinaman which warn she to return she fabulous diamond jewel the western star to where it come from – the left eye of an idol – before the next full moon . she husband gregory rolf who buy it from a chinaman in san francisco give mary the jewel three year ago . the pair be go to stay at yardly chase the home of lord and lady yardly when the moon be next full to discuss the making of a film there and mary be determine to go with she diamond . both poirot and hastings remember society gossip from three year back that link rolf and lady yardly .
51 after mary have go poirot go out and hastings receive a visit from lady yardly she be advise to visit poirot by she friend mary cavendish who appear in the mysterious affair at styles . hastings deduces that she too have receive warn letter . she husband plan to sell their jewel as he be in debt . when poirot find this out he arrange to visit yardly chase and be there when the light go out and lady yardly be attack by a chinaman and she jewel steal . the next day mary’s jewel be steal from she london hotel .
52 hastings deduces that she too have receive warn letter . she husband plan to sell their jewel as he be in debt . when poirot find this out he arrange to visit yardly chase and be there when the light go out and lady yardly be attack by a chinaman and she jewel steal . the next day mary’s jewel be steal from she london hotel . poirot make his investigation and return the yardly’s jewel to they .
49 she husband plan to sell their jewel as he be in debt . when poirot find this out he arrange to visit yardly chase and be there when the light go out and lady yardly be attack by a chinaman and she jewel steal . the next day mary’s jewel be steal from she london hotel . poirot make his investigation and return the yardly’s jewel to they . he reveal to hastings that there never be two jewel or any chinaman – it be all an invention of rolf’s .
52 when poirot find this out he arrange to visit yardly chase and be there when the light go out and lady yardly be attack by a chinaman and she jewel steal . the next day mary’s jewel be steal from she london hotel . poirot make his investigation and return the yardly’s jewel to they . he reveal to hastings that there never be two jewel or any chinaman – it be all an invention of rolf’s . three year back in the usa he have an affair with lady yardly and blackmail she into give he the diamond which he then give to his wife as a wedding present .
33 the next day mary’s jewel be steal from she london hotel . poirot make his investigation and return the yardly’s jewel to they . he reveal to hastings that there never be two jewel or any chinaman – it be all an invention of rolf’s . three year back in the usa he have an affair with lady yardly and blackmail she into give he the diamond which he then give to his wife as a wedding present . lady yardly’s be a paste copy that would have be discover when she husband sell it .
68 both girl be question and both blame the other . the hotel room have a side room where celestine sleep and a bolt door which lead to the room next door . the two maid be in sight of each other all the time except for two pause of between twelve and fifteen seconds apiece when celestine go into she room – not enough time to extract the jewel case from the drawer open it take the jewel and return the case . both be search but nothing be find . both room be then search and the missing pearl be find celestine s mattress .
77 both girl be question and both blame the other . the hotel room have a side room where celestine sleep and a bolt door which lead to the room next door . the two maid be in sight of each other all the time except for two pause of between twelve and fifteen seconds apiece when celestine go into she room – not enough time to extract the jewel case from the drawer open it take the jewel and return the case . both be search but nothing be find . both room be then search and the missing pearl be find celestine s mattress .
41 neither have . poirot rush to london and the next day break the news to hastings and the delighted opalsen that the case be solve and the real pearl find . the chambermaid and the valet be a pair on international jewel thief – the card he give they then have their fingerprint on it which he give to japp for testing . . the valet be on the other side of the bolt door and the chambermaid pass he the case in the first interval when celestine be in she room . when she next go in there the chambermaid return the empty case to the drawer whose runner have be silence with french polish trace of which poirot find in the room next door .
134 as he set about his inquiry sleigh become the target of many people who would rather he do not find clouseau . these include the inspector s former manservant cato burt kwouk who have give up try to defeat sleigh the first time and let he go to find the missing inspector dreyfus who attempt to kill sleigh like he try to kill clouseau and bruno langlois robert loggia the mafia boss . langlois attempt many assassination on sleigh but sleigh s bumble nature allow he to evade the attack and ultimately langlois along with his henchman include mr. chong from revenge of the pink panther have a final showdown with sleigh although a mysterious young woman smite with sleigh come to his rescue and manage to defeat langlois by give he the family jewel and the thug in combat . langlois be finally arrest and take to prison .
33 sleigh also meet sir charles lytton david niven who be marry to clouseau s former wife simone capucine and accompany by his nephew george robert wagner . sir charles litton be the notorious jewel thief know as the phantom though only clouseau be convince of this . the phantom would steal item of jewelry and leave behind a white glove .
46 have superhuman strength speed and can fly . have a good memory for face and there be at least six outstanding criminal warrant on he as well as a $ 250,000 reward for information lead to his arrest . ruby a young outcast hero a live jewel . astra consider she nice . a current member of the astro city irregulars .
63 there be argument over who should be hang first but the hangman solve the problem by devise this knot and hang the three simultaneously . however the knot can be see on a 4 ft 1.2 m high carve anglo-saxon cross in a churchyard in stoke-upon-trent and also on a 7th century anglo-saxon object from the staffordshire hoard . knot find in hoard jewel this strongly suggest it pre-date the norman and medieval period be probably either a heraldic symbol of early mercia or a celtic christian symbol bring to staffordshire by missionary monk from lindisfarne . the stafford flag blazon with eleven stafford knot the knot appear on the coat of arm of the borough of stafford and the county motto of staffordshire be the knot unite .
7 chapel of saint giles consider as a jewel the chapel be very small . its sponsor be miguel díaz canon and apostolic notary a man of refined taste in term of art and who commission the entire interior be paint with a decoration of pompeiian style the style which at that time be fashionable in the monastery of el escorial . the grill be also an example of good taste .
80 in creasey s original novel mannering be british and after the few first entry marry . in transform he into a bachelor and cast a texan in the role the producer decide that the baron would be nickname after the cattle ranch once run by his grandfather . p.159 chapman james saints and avengers british adventure series of the 1950s 2002 i.b tauris publishers in the book he be a reformed jewel-thief whose criminal tie serve he well in investigate jewel art or antiques-oriented mystery .
29 nal hutta be the current hutt central world . it be the capital of hutt space and be locate in the y'toub system . nal hutta translate into glorious jewel in huttese but it be originally name evocar . it be one planet colonize by the hutts after they leave their ancestral home varl they use their notorious business acumen to first trade technology with the primitive native evocii for real estate they make a number of air tight contract and eventually legally own their planet the evocii appeal to the jedi for aid but the contract be solid and the best the jedi could do be to evacuate the evocii to nar shaddaa . once a pleasant world nal hutta and its moon nar shaddaa be transform into gloomy and busy industrial trade center dot with huttese palace and private estate that lay in the heart of hutt space .
100 the church rule by fear of damnation in the next life and of the inquisition in the present and consequently both upper and lower class give as generously as they could on all major saint day . many priest and bishop be member of the aristocracy . the wealth of the church in sicily be further enhance by the tradition of press younger child of the aristocracy to enter monastery and convent in order to preserve the family estate from division a large fee or dowry be usually pay to the church to facilitate this in the form of property jewel or money . thus the wealth of certain religious order grow out of all proportion to the economic growth of any other group at this time . this be one of the reason that so many of the sicilian baroque church and monastery such as san martino delle scale be rebuild after 1693 on such a lavish scale .
7 poirot be call in to investigate a jewel robbery by marcus hardman a collector of various antique precious object . the theft occur from his safe when he be hold a small tea party at his house . he show his guest his collection of medieval jewel and later discover that the safe have be rifle and the object take .
46 poirot be call in to investigate a jewel robbery by marcus hardman a collector of various antique precious object . the theft occur from his safe when he be hold a small tea party at his house . he show his guest his collection of medieval jewel and later discover that the safe have be rifle and the object take . four of his guest have the opportunity to take the item – mr. johnston a south african millionaire only just arrive in london countess vera rossakoff a refugee from the russian revolution bernard parker a young and effeminate agent for mr. hardman and lady runcorn a middle-aged society lady whose aunt be a kleptomaniac.
59 the next day he visit hardman and tell he who the thief be . the collector be astonish and leave poirot to pursue the matter without police involvement . poirot and hastings then visit the countess and poirot calmly tell the lady that his taxi be wait and that he would be oblige if she would give he the jewel . she equally calmly do so . they part on good term the countess admit that poirot be one of the few people she fear .
40 she travel by train from paddington and change at bristol for the train to plymouth although she would be get off before plymouth . she maid travel with she in a third-class carriage . mrs. carrington be carry with she jewel amounting to a value of almost one hundred thousand pound to wear at the house party . at bristol the maid jane mason receive a surprise mrs. carrington tell she to wait at the station for a few hour while she travel on to some unspecified destination . she would return in a few hour and they would get a later connection for the plymouth line .
76 when she be be give these instruction mason could see the back of a man in mrs. carrington s compartment but he be stare out of the opposite window and she do not see his face . after wait at bristol for most of the day mason check into a hotel for the night and read of the murder in the next day s paper . mrs. carrington have be chloroform and then stab and the jewel be miss . mrs. carrington s will leave everything to she estranged husband who be away from town at the time of the tragedy .
90 when japp next visit poirot immediately guess that the knife use to kill mrs carrington have be find by the side of the line after between weston the first stop after bristol on the plymouth line and taunton the next stop after that and that a paper boy who sell item to mrs carrington have be interview . despite be astound at this deduction japp confirm that this be exactly what have happen . japp be able to tell poirot something he do not know – that one of the jewel have be pawn by a know thief call red narky who usually work with a woman call gracie kidd but he seem to be alone this time . poirot and hastings immediately go to halliday s house and the belgian ask to be take to a room on the top floor . rummage through a trunk poirot find clothes like the one wear by mrs carrington when she be murder .
82 poirot be bore with the lack of interesting case which come his way tell hastings that the criminal of england fear he too much and he dismiss the suggestion that most of they do not even know that he exist . hastings remember a recent matter in which a jeweller s shop window in bond street be break and a perpetrator despite be quickly arrest only have paste copy of the six steal stone on he he have immediately pass the real jewel onto an accomplice . he suggest this as a case of interest but poirot feel that although the matter be well-planned it be not of real interest .
43 the next day lady millicent call for the letter . delighted she ask for the puzzle box as a souvenir but poirot be too quick for she and prevent she take it . in another compartment in the box be the six miss jewel from the bond street robbery . japp appear from another room and recognise the lady as gertie an accomplice of lavington – real name reed – who be attempt to double-cross his fellow gang member and who be kill in holland a day or so before . the gang member know that both the jewel and the bogus letter be keep in the puzzle box and decide to use poirot to retrieve it .
65 in another compartment in the box be the six miss jewel from the bond street robbery . japp appear from another room and recognise the lady as gertie an accomplice of lavington – real name reed – who be attempt to double-cross his fellow gang member and who be kill in holland a day or so before . the gang member know that both the jewel and the bogus letter be keep in the puzzle box and decide to use poirot to retrieve it . japp take the lady away and poirot tell an astonished hastings that it be the cheap shoe she be wear that make he suspicious that she be not who she pretend to be . he be please though – not only do the criminal of england know he they even try to use he when their own effort come to nothing
30 the archaeological research show that the church have a rectangular boat . in 65 bone grave this dead be bury on their back without coffin and mostly without gift . jewel part of clothing and coin be find in 16 grave . they be earring ring hungarian coin from 2nd half of 12th century and 1st third of 13th century 3 cast bronze crucifix which belong probably to the east church kyjevská rus . base on these discovery the church can be date back into the first half of 13th century and its extension round 1400 .
13 band name be spell three different way turboneger disc trbngr cover and turbonegro jewel case sticker . bengt bingo calmeyer on the very disturbing a career in indie rock the whole of this be in its entirety lift from one of happy tom s numerous porn video . tom have always be a real conneiseur of porn in fact he even get christmas card from different mail-order company .
34 alena the most beautiful be a fictional character from the filipino telefantasya encantadia etheria and encantadia pag-ibig hanggang wakas . alena be the third daughter of mine-a and be the guardian of the water jewel . she be by nature a kind-hearted person and be the most romantic among the four sister .
16 luck be on their side . pirena manage to trick alena into give up the water jewel and instruct hitano to take she sister away from lireo . use she shapeshifting power pirena manage to convince amihan and danaya that their sister be already dead . distraught the remain sister give alena a burial fit for a sang gre .
14 alena s sister attempt to figure out what happen to she and the water jewel all these year . by use imaw s cane the sister see bathala ask for the jewel as alena faint after surrender it . unknown to they it be actually pirena s ruse all along .
31 alena s sister attempt to figure out what happen to she and the water jewel all these year . by use imaw s cane the sister see bathala ask for the jewel as alena faint after surrender it . unknown to they it be actually pirena s ruse all along . she pretend to be the deity in order to acquire the jewel from she sister .
43 by use imaw s cane the sister see bathala ask for the jewel as alena faint after surrender it . unknown to they it be actually pirena s ruse all along . she pretend to be the deity in order to acquire the jewel from she sister .
27 but danaya be not convince . she tell amihan of she plan to go to devas with alena and ask bathala himself why he take the water jewel . the queen herself be worry . at that time she have already meet ybarro in person and realize he be actually the father of she child .
25 hour before a trip to devas pirena quickly approach she and blow something in she face which make she sleep. she now talk to the jewel of water to give she back she memory of she past and everything in she life . after a sleep she approach alena and tell she that she will remember nothing but the time bathala ask she to give up the jewel of water . she now go to ybarro to find out what be happen .
67 hour before a trip to devas pirena quickly approach she and blow something in she face which make she sleep. she now talk to the jewel of water to give she back she memory of she past and everything in she life . after a sleep she approach alena and tell she that she will remember nothing but the time bathala ask she to give up the jewel of water . she now go to ybarro to find out what be happen . alena and ybarro be now reunite .
31 jewel of water reunite with the water goddess pirena approach alena to team with she against amihan danaya and lira . alena accept the proposal in one condition which be the jewel of water back . pirena give it to alena but she fall for alena s trick . pirena leave sad and angry .
50 she be also reunite with she son kahlil . as she say to the council the throne should rightfully be armea s thus make she queen . after be allow by emre she leave devas to see the coronation of cassandra where armea replace she as the holder of the jewel of water .
30 hydrokinesis be connect to the brilyante ng tubig alena be bear with ability to manipulate the movement of any body of water if she desire . when she receive the jewel from she ynang reyna mine-a she power gradually increase to the point of be strong enough to summon a storm .
10 brilyante ng tubig alena be the destine keeper of this jewel . when she be bear she could already tap into its power . the jewel give alena more control over she power that eventually allow she to raise impenetrable wall and dome make of water .
25 brilyante ng tubig alena be the destine keeper of this jewel . when she be bear she could already tap into its power . the jewel give alena more control over she power that eventually allow she to raise impenetrable wall and dome make of water . she lose the jewel to hagorn to save the life of arman . after pirena recover the jewel it be pass on to she daughter armea along with she spear and battle outfit .
38 when she be bear she could already tap into its power . the jewel give alena more control over she power that eventually allow she to raise impenetrable wall and dome make of water . she lose the jewel to hagorn to save the life of arman . after pirena recover the jewel it be pass on to she daughter armea along with she spear and battle outfit .
40 the jewel give alena more control over she power that eventually allow she to raise impenetrable wall and dome make of water . she lose the jewel to hagorn to save the life of arman . after pirena recover the jewel it be pass on to she daughter armea along with she spear and battle outfit .
69 superman be able to calm she down and reveal that his secret be that he have be prepare she birthday present superpower for 24 hour . now as a superwoman she and superman stop a monster attack in metropolis just as samson and atlas arrive . flirt with lois and show a newspaper that read superman dead by clark kent samson be reveal to be the one who steal jewel from an ultra-sphinx . kidnapping lois the sphinx demand an answer to the question what happen when the unstoppable force meet the immovable object and superman answer they surrender lois be save .
44 fair use for titsj accordion solo .jpg the image titsj accordion solo .jpg be be link here though the picture be originally copyright i mxdxcxnx 14:30 7 august 2005 utc feel it be cover by fair use because #it be unsuitable to become a jewel case cover for an illegally copy cd #it will not prevent/hinder the artist from sell and profiting #its appearance on wikipedia will only raise awareness for the existence of the album and encourage fan of like band to pursue it .
40 the building be rescue by the local historical society in the 1990s when it be put up for sale . the society restore the building s interior to include original fitting and brass wicket . the post office be the jewel of what be call heritage row in union bay and be give heritage building status after the restoration .
40 suddenly a gem plummet from the sky and hit kirby on the head . kirby get up and look around . see the gem kirby walk over to pick it up when he be hit on the head by another jewel and a fairy this time cause he to faint .
31 after she and kirby exchange hello ribbon ask about the crystal . kirby of course do not know what she be talk about . ribbon point out that it be the jewel that she have be carry . look at the crystal she notice that it be only a fraction of its normal size and realize it have be split into piece . realize that she be fail to protect she planet s sacred jewel ribbon sigh in self-pity .
50 ribbon point out that it be the jewel that she have be carry . look at the crystal she notice that it be only a fraction of its normal size and realize it have be split into piece . realize that she be fail to protect she planet s sacred jewel ribbon sigh in self-pity . kirby notice that ribbon be about to burst into tear and try to console she . suddenly kirby notice the stone that have fall on he .
42 in the 1950 he display a brooding haunt demeanor in the crime drama rififi 1955 direct by jules dassin which françois truffaut rank as the best film noir in which he play an embittered and physically ail leader of a gang of jewel thief . he appear in another film direct by dassin celui qui doit mourir in 1957. he also appear in la fièvre monte à el pao 1959 a film write and direct by luis buñuel .
36 this gigantic mamodo be actually seal away inside the structure . a tremendous amount of power be need to break the lock and set he free . faudo be control by the one who possess his jewel . faudo s size be so great that the surround mountain would not even come up to his knee . he be also say to be larger than mt .
25 note although it be a mamodo weapon it cannot fight independently in the mamodo fight . it can be manipulate by those who control the jewel such as use by both riou and zeno . without the influence of another mind it will attack and destroy everything in its path .
45 riou and banikis gigo riou リオウ riō be the main antagonist of the first part of the faudo arc . before he leave for earth riou be tell by his father to use faudo to his advantage in win the kingship and provide with a jewel that would let he control faudo . assemble a cabal of like-minded mamodo and use a death curse to bend good mamodo to his will riou be provide with all the dioga level spell he need to release faudo . after a slight setback result from the loss of buzarai riou blackmail zatch into replace he in the cult .
63 along with electrical blast zeno can also create a large blade make of lighting multi-turret gun that shoot several blast a fully controllable buzzsaw-like projectile and a massive winged be that shoot multiple bolt . his cloak also have magical ability allow he to shield and teleport dufort and himself . he also take control of the giant mamodo faudo use a special jewel . dufort possess an ability know as answer talker which allow the user to understand how any attack be apply and how to defend against it . this awaken whenever a human dies and then return to life .
3 mrs. barone mrs. jewel barone mary scheer be a mature lady with a gravel voice she be extreme chain-smoker who never get ill from smoking though everyone around she seem to fall sick like she daughter angie play by nicole sullivan . mrs. barone appear several time during season one two and three and make a cameo in the lowered expectation sketch that be she last scene in the show before scheer leave madtv in 1998 . mrs. barone s catchphrase be oh yes
46 fictional character biography david cannon be a mutant who after discover at an early age that he could move at great speed turn to a life of crime . this eventually bring cannon use his first alias the human top and pursue his career as a jewel thief into conflict with giant-man and the wasp on several occasion . tales to astonish #50 52 + 55 defeated each time cannon then redesign his costume and adopt the alias of whirlwind and adopt the identity of charles matthews chauffeur of janet van dyne . avengers # 46 whirlwind join the supervillain group the second masters of evil and participate in a plot to destroy the avengers .
70 she agree with their plan and immediately order that prince he be changyi subordinate be immediately bar from the palace and those subordinate some 200 be then arrest by zhang . she then summon prince he who still do not know what be go to happen . he only know something be wrong when he see empress dowager shangguan seat on she throne and wear a formal dress make of jewel and the official line up next to she .
12 cheap thrill april 1998 son of cheep thrill april 1999 the secret jewel box archives vol . 2. fz original recordings december 2001 steve vai compilation zappa picks by jon fishman of phish october 2002 zappa picks by larry lalonde of primus october 2002
18 double cd edition bonus disc it be know that a limited edition double cd be release . the jewel case contain a second bonus cd with live track from strasbourg france february 26 1999 .
15 rais ghazi mohammad indhar a wealthy landlord commission this mosque in 1932 to be the jewel of his new palace compound which already include a mosque and a prestigious madrasa religious school and be complete in 1982 .
14 benefactor the mosque be commission in 1932 by rais ghazi mohammad to be the jewel of his new palace compound where another mosque and prestigious religious school already stand . rais ghazi mohammad be give the highest civilian award of pakistan from the government namely sitara-e-imtiaz on march 23,2004 in recognition of his service .
78 there he be recruit into darkseid s secret society of super villain which he later take over with other villain who revolt . the wizard be later apprehend and send to jail where due to this reduction in his power the wizard seek out and be able to trick the secret society into obtain three magical relic which he want to help he increase his power . they be the cloak of invisibility the power glove and a jewel medallion which be wear by the wizard and incorporate into his new costume . the wizard lead the secret society back to earth-two in a plot to capture the jsa which be a success when they capture the atom doctor mid-nite and mr. terrific . the jsa be alert and defeat they .
88 the region largely escape fight during the war and its mountainous remoteness prove useful to the nazis as a refuge for item loot from across europe . when the us 88th infantry division occupy south tyrol from may 2 to may 8 1945 and after the total unconditional surrender of germany may 9 1945 it find vast amount of precious item and looted art treasure . among the item reportedly find be railway wagon fill with gold bar hundred of thousand of metre of silk the italian crown jewel king victor emmanuel s personal collection of rare coin and score of work of art loot from art gallery such as the uffizi in florence . it be fear that the germans might use the region as a last-ditch stronghold to fight to the bitter end and from there direct werwolf activity in allied-controlled territory but this do not occur due to the suicide of hitler the disintegration and chaos of the nazi apparatus and the rapid nazi german surrender thereafter . the times london may 25 1945
16 while wachovia chairman and ceo g. kennedy ken thompson have describe golden west as a crown jewel investor do not react positively to the deal at the time . analyst have since say that wachovia purchase golden west at the peak of the us housing boom and its mortage-related problem would be the ultimate factor to have bring down wachovia .
66 note # 2 hexuba s powered up form include hardtochoke s head on she left shoulder the head of a blue and red asura monster unused in this series on she right shoulder the face of icy angel crumummy adn skelekron on she left arm freaky tiki and maronda s face on she right arm and rykon s face within she stomach only rykon lack a jewel in its mouth .
22 in september 2002 the european version introduce its own on-screen presentation and graphic and start to use much more original programming the jewel in the station s crown be gonzo host by former mtv uk vj and now bbc radio 1 dj zane lowe and regularly feature interview with band along with contribution from member of the mtv2 internet forum . it be relaunch in 2006 move from an hour-long format broadcast every weekday to a single two-hour show on a friday . the show win the nme award for best tv show in 2006 .
27 # a sabc news shaik cross-examination enter day three # a sunday times cosatu stand by zuma s right to fair treatment # a the herald zuma’s jewel village ‘built with bribe ’ # a mail guardian scorpion probe jacob zuma # a allafrica.com
42 the lilac fairy also make an appearance . many fairytale character such as puss in boots and the white cat be also among the guest . a golden chain of dance be hold include a pas de quatre for the four precious jewel and metal fairy a dance for puss in boots and the white cat a pas de deux for the bluebird and princess florine a dance for little red ride hood and the wolf a dance for cinderella and prince fortune usually omit a sarabande usually omit a pas de deux for aurora and florimund and finally a mazurka . the prince and the princess be wed and the lilac fairy bless their marriage . the ballet end with an apotheosis apothéose where all the character make a final bow .
36 it be value for its endurance and can withstand sand erosion and rust better than other metal . it be use by glatorian to coat their blade and strengthen they . they can be use as jewel but can even be shape into container for neutronium . it be find in the asteroid belt and on several insignificant planet . it be extremely rare and be prize as a precious stone until its use as an energy concentrator be discover .
58 the range of land habitat many of which be floristically rich support a diverse and abundant invertebrate fauna include the follow red data book species the mud snail lymnaea glabra the bug heterogaster artimisa and the hoverfly microdon mutabili . nationally scarce butterfly include the pearl-bordered fritillary boloria euphrosyne and silver-studded blue plebejus argus and the nationally scarce jewel beetle trachys troglodyte also occur .
52 veloso and ruiz decide to journey to laos and bring back satha to restore his reign over lovek . they arrive in vientiane lan xang s administrative capital in the summer of 1596 . they be meet with a procession show off the city s immense welath consist of asian elephant gold jewel silk exotic snake bouquet of tropical flower chant monk buddhist treasure and relic music and beautiful woman . veloso and ruiz be also receive with a great feast . but while they be in vientiane they learn satha have die from an illness he catch on his way from cambodia to laos .
86 the calibre 1.96 achieve a level of design and finish that set it apart and qualify it as haute horlogerie in many way . it be stamp with the geneva seal which be a designation reserve for the highest level of construction and finish incorporate a 22k micro-rotor into a very thin 3.3 mm movement and with a unique bi-directional wind mechanism have twin mainspr barrel allow for a 65 hour power reserve a breguet overcoil hairspring and a swan-neck micro regulator . it have 32 jewel and run at 28,800 beat per hour . it be find to be a highly accurate movement . the calibre 1.96 be in many way a ground-breaking movement for chopard .
54 to mark the 60th anniversary of the festival for the cannes film festival 2007 opening ceremony the chopard company develop the red carpet collection in cooperation with valentino . caroline scheufele create 60 high jewellery piece inspire by the celebrity at cannes while valentino design ten gown to complement ten of the company s jewel . chopard and festival de cannes ten year of fruitful cooperation
74 trapped along with teal'c and vala mal doran far beneath england s glastonbury tor daniel jackson and cameron mitchell have only seconds to outwit the ancient snare in which they be catch . once they succeed they have to handle only one or two more small detail — such as a near-impossible swordfight with an inhuman knight — before they win access to the cave s vast treasure . amid the standard-issue gold and jewel daniel uncover a horde of book apparently write by the ancient . they tell a fantastic tale the highly advanced ancient may have once call themselves the altera and may have evolve in a far distant galaxy . the crew excavate the treasure also find a piece of ancient equipment which daniel believe be a communication device .
7 the dualdisc release be available in both jewel case cd and amaray dvd packaging .
75 juan velázquez of león be a spanish conqueror who along with hernán cortés participate in the third spanish expedition to continental america present day mexico in 1519 . he be distinguish by be relative of the then governor of cuba diego velázquez but overall serve hernán cortés and the cause of the conquest . he have a determine participation in the defeat of the army of pánfilo de narváez when he buy its commander with jewel and gold so that at the first opportunity they go to the side of cortés . he die towards end of 1520 during the attack of the aztec army to the spanish column that try to leave the city of tenochtitlán .
32 the royal door derive its name from the royal escutcheon above the door . southern façadesouthern façade the southern façade be situate at the praza da praterias where in time past silver jewel be sell . this square be confine on two side by the cathedral and the monastery . adjacent be the city hall in the rajoy palace .
5 church committee rockefeller commission family jewel central intelligence agency cointelproexternal links official site
45 they be a pair of immensely powerful and talented warrior align with the mars element and have command of powerful fire-based spellcraft . they be of a humanlike race hailing from the world s frozen northland . their goal be to collect the four magic jewel name the elemental stars and use they to activate the four great tower across the world name the elemental lighthouse which will break the seal on the supreme force of alchemy and restore it to the world .
34 burnley after eight appearance on loan he join burnley permanently on 8 june for £200,000 on a three-year contract . burnley s then-manager steve cotterill describe mahon as an absolute gem he be the jewel in our crown citation need and it appear that cotterill plan to build burnley s team around mahon in the 2006-07 season however injury and a loss of form during the 2006-07 season see mahon become a fringe first-team player . in the 2007-08 season he return to the first eleven and appear to have regain the form that he show when first arrive at turf moor . however injury plague his season once again and he start just 15 game score one goal .
96 the length fall sometimes only to the hip or as far as the ankle much longer than the version commonly wear in ancient greece the longer version be also call a paludamentum . as well as his courtier emperor justinian wear one with a huge brooch in the ravenna mosaic . on each straight edge man of the senatorial class have a tablion a lozenge shape coloured panel across the chest or midriff at the front which be also use to show the further rank of the wearer by the colour or type of embroidery and jewel use compare those of justinian and his courtier . theodosius i and his son be show in 488 with theirs at knee level in the madrid missorium . a paragauda or border of thick cloth usually include gold be also an indicator of rank .
46 in houston texas there be a shoe or slipper from the imperial regalia of the holy roman emperors . it be short only to the ankle and generously cut to allow many different size to be accommodate . this shoe be lavishly decorate with pearl and jewel and gold scrollwork on the side and over the toe of the shoe . more practical footwear be no doubt wear on less formal occasion .
68 the man s version of the loro be a long strip drop down straight in front to below the waist and with the portion behind pull round to the front and hang gracefully over the left arm . the female loro be similar at the front end but the back end be wider and tuck under a belt after pull through to the front again . apart from jewel and embroidery small enamelled plaque be sew into the clothes the dress of manuel i comnenus be describe as be like a meadow cover with flower . generally sleeve be closely fit to the arm and the outer gown come to the ankle although often call a scaramangion and be also rather closely fit . glove from the imperial regalia of the holy roman emperors in vienna include enamel plaque .
12 colorsa dalmatian orange male . b. splenden have be affectionately nickname the jewel of the orient due to their beauty and wide range of color which be produce through selective breeding citation need .
61 this huge pink gem have an unusual flaw look deeply into the stone one perceive a tiny discoloration resemble a leap pink panther – hence the name . as the camera move in this image come to life and participate in the credit . when dala be a young woman rebel seize power in lugash and then demand possession of the jewel but the exile princess refuse to hand it over .
30 dala claudia cardinale relax on holiday at an exclusive skiing resort in cortina d'ampezzo where noted british playboy sir charles lytton david niven who lead a secret life as a jewel thief call the phantom have his eye on the pink panther . his american playboy nephew george robert wagner follow his uncle to the resort hope to steal the jewel and blame it on the phantom not realize that the phantom be his uncle .
60 dala claudia cardinale relax on holiday at an exclusive skiing resort in cortina d'ampezzo where noted british playboy sir charles lytton david niven who lead a secret life as a jewel thief call the phantom have his eye on the pink panther . his american playboy nephew george robert wagner follow his uncle to the resort hope to steal the jewel and blame it on the phantom not realize that the phantom be his uncle .
44 the defense call a surprised clouseau to the stand as their lone witness . the barrister ask a series of question that suggest clouseau himself could be the phantom . the unnerved clouseau pull his handkerchief out of his shirt pocket – reveal the jewel plant there by madame clouseau .
38 even though the area be not initially design as a park it now feature a bowling green tennis court child s play area a japanese garden gorsedd and a lake with abundant wildlife . the park be a jewel to the town of wrexham and be very well preserve .
8 between 1935 and 1948 burma quickly become the jewel of the east with a flourish economy base on agricultural produce primarily rice oil timber gem and other natural resource . at this time rangoon be say to be the most cosmopolitan city east of the suez canal and the city and its environs be estimate to hold at least 50 % of the anglo-burmese community . during british rule rangoon and maymyo become principal population centre for the anglo-burmese although substantial community also exist in the ayeyarwady river delta town as well as in mandalay moulmein amherst now kyaikkami taunggyi kalaw toungoo pyinmana meiktila yenangyaung and the mining town of the shan states .
14 1994 eton college chapel choir rutti version 1996 vanessa l. williams star bright 1999 jewel joy a holiday collection 1997 edward higginbottom and the choir of new college oxford nativitas a celebration of peace 2000 linda ronstadt a merry little christmas
31 scott wait downstairs while sam be in korda s apartment . sam ask korda about a man who deal in steal jewelry because sam suspect that some of the dealer s jewel come from korda who be a professional jewel thief . sam s visit with korda end with korda kill sam . when scott hear a woman in the building scream at the sight of sam s body scott run inside the building and see the body .
39 scott wait downstairs while sam be in korda s apartment . sam ask korda about a man who deal in steal jewelry because sam suspect that some of the dealer s jewel come from korda who be a professional jewel thief . sam s visit with korda end with korda kill sam . when scott hear a woman in the building scream at the sight of sam s body scott run inside the building and see the body .
33 green heart however each use will drain the player s emotion mood the little yellow squiggle at upper left of the top screen . the bar can be restore by capture blue turquoise jewel or absorbing enemy . with perry the parasol princess peach can use many ability . jump on enemy do not defeat they peach must use the umbrella to hit they .
52 # the dastardly diamond dazzler the diamond dazzler have steal a precious diamond in order to awaken the genie within . # cronella critch the tricky witch cronella critch have rob a charity for orphan party . # the terrible twister the twister be on a crime spree and be steal precious jewel . # the terrifying tapper the tapper be a criminal who can transmit himself over the phone line . he use this ability to commit crime .
74 beautiful smart and idealistic tracy enter a life of hardship and violence and vow revenge against all those who harm she . eventually she become the nanny for the prison warden s young daughter a job that lead to she release from jail . desperate unable to find work as an ex-con she turn to a well-known new york city jewelry store owner and fence who help she make some fast money in a jewel heist . escape with the goods tracy have an encounter with jeff stevens a master con man .
3 stevens steal the jewel from tracy who realize she s be have . she then con jeff take back she prize and decide that jeff will become another future victim of she brilliant revenge scheme . not long after tracy travels to england and be introduce to gunther hartog a world-class fence for valuable steal property .
20 interpol the fbi and police department and insurance company around the world be try to prevent tracy from steal priceless jewel painting or other prize . in every case they fail . only daniel cooper a plain-looking sociopath and insurance investigator seem capable of match tracy s brilliance .
11 meanwhile at gemdiver the twin go fish for corusca gem indestructible jewel that can cut through the toughest armor . all be unsuccessful except for jacen who snag a small corusca gem which he hide in his shoe . suddenly the gemdiver station be attack by an unknown assailant and lowie and the twin be kidnap .
16 map source for segontium segontium on roman-britain .org artifacts associate with segontium hold on gather the jewel the website for welsh cultural history
3 the pivot and jewel of the balance be fragile in comparison to the mass they need to support and without shock protection be the most likely part of the watch to be damage under impact .
57 the incabloc system use a lyre-shaped spring to allow the delicate bearing to shift in their setting under impact until a stronger shoulder of the staff contact the strong metal endpiece . when the impact be over the spring guide the part back to their original position . the staff itself do not move relative to the jewel bearing but the whole bearing be carry in a metal bushing that be free to move in the metal endpiece under the control of the spring . original incabloc advert some modern balance wheel use a simplified arrangement where an enlarged jewel take advantage of the low cost of modern synthetic ruby be free to move as its own mobile bushing .
67 when the impact be over the spring guide the part back to their original position . the staff itself do not move relative to the jewel bearing but the whole bearing be carry in a metal bushing that be free to move in the metal endpiece under the control of the spring . original incabloc advert some modern balance wheel use a simplified arrangement where an enlarged jewel take advantage of the low cost of modern synthetic ruby be free to move as its own mobile bushing .
59 spearhafoc a name mean sparrowhawk in old english speraver in latin be an eleventh century anglo-saxon artist and benedictine monk whose artistic talent be apparently the cause of his rapid elevation to abbot of abingdon in 1047-48 and bishop-elect of london in 1051 . dodwell 46 after his consecration as bishop be thwart he vanish with the gold and jewel he have be give to make into a crown for king edward the confessor and be never see again . dodwell 46-47 . as well as goscelin and the monastic history reference below spearhafoc s career be cover in the anglo-saxon chronicle .
69 ayane also have some connection with ryu hayabusa since he befriend hayate and the mugen tenshin clan . in ninja gaiden she play a minor role show a younger ayane who assist ryu during his bloody vengeance against the vigoorian empire and the greater fiend doku . in ninja gaiden ii she appear only near the end of the game to give ryu the treasure dragon s eye a jewel that increase the power of the dragon sword ryu s fabled sword that be say to be make from the fang of a fly dragon .
50 engine work be easier than a high-gloss finish especially in recessed area and be often find inside the casing of expensive watch . it sometimes confuse with jewel finish a much cheaper process of make swirly mark in metal make by attach an abrasive pad to a power drill . jewel finish use to be common on stereo faceplate and automobile interior .
31 release the single be release on 2 cd and 7” vinyl . the first cd be present in a card foldout digipak case while the second be in a standard slimline jewel case . early copy of the digipak version be emboss with a stamp of the band s thorned ‘s logo . the vinyl be a strictly limited edition and be red in colour .
19 the grain of life from space 守れ 宇宙の一粒の命 mamore uchū no hitotsubu no inochi # love megumi and the jewel thief 恋 めぐみと宝石泥棒 koi megumi to hōseki dorobō # the invisible man gou s confession 透明人間、豪の告白 tōmei ningen gō no kokuhaku # bias challenge from space ビアス宇宙からの挑戦 biasu uchū kara no chōsen
45 in kim in kim the game be call both the play of the jewels and the jewel game . kim a teenager being train in secret as a spy spend a month in simla india at the home of mr. lurgan who ostensibly run a jewel shop but in truth be engage in espionage for the british against the russians . lurgan bring out a copper tray and toss a handful of jewel onto it his boy servant explain to kim
70 in kim the game be call both the play of the jewels and the jewel game . kim a teenager being train in secret as a spy spend a month in simla india at the home of mr. lurgan who ostensibly run a jewel shop but in truth be engage in espionage for the british against the russians . lurgan bring out a copper tray and toss a handful of jewel onto it his boy servant explain to kim
8 they contest the game many time sometimes with jewel sometimes with odd object and sometimes with photograph of people . it be consider a vital part of training in observation lurgan say
42 stan quit his job to fulfill his dream of a life full of adventure to francine s disapproval . jack convince stan to accompany he on a mission tell he they be intercept uranium from terrorist . in reality jack be a jewel thief . the fbi come to the house search for he but the mug shot they have of he have a moustache lead francine to believe it be a different man . later she find the fake moustache and confront jack .
32 at the museum stan beat the live tar out of the seventy-six year old watchman . they come to the vault but as stan smash open statue look for uranium jack stuff jewel into his pocket . jack reveal he have use stan for his cia training . stan refuse to go through with the heist so jack lock he in the vault .
11 pettit state that sacred space be create spontaneously wherever the triple jewel cognate with the gankyil be manifest and that this sacred architecture or mandalum be not dependent upon the build environment of monolithic culture ...sacred space be create spontaneously wherever the three jewels the buddha or teacher the dharma teaching or its text and the sangha community of practitioner be find . a place that elicit reverence should be sacred and wherever the jewels be find the piety of lay and ordain buddhist be bind to be express .
32 in early april 2007 foxy 88.5 become 88.5 the jewel . it adopt the jewel brand shortly after the launch of sister station cjwl in ottawa which be also brand as the jewel .
4 referencesexternal links 88.5 the jewel ckdx history at canadian communications foundation query the rec s canadian station database for ckdx-fm
26 by the 90 such album become rare . this be an outstanding example from the twenty-first century . the allmusic say of this album a stunning jewel in a remarkable career and one of the best thing tabor’s ever release . three of these song have be record only twice before . june s singing be relatively undemonstrative especially consider that murder be the main theme .
10 love be work 2005 zoe last call 2002 sheilah graham jewel 2001 raylene hilburn age 22-30 the chippendales murder 2000 tv irene agent red 2000 nadia
31 jewelled bookbinding be know in the middle ages cover important liturgical and devotional work for pope and king . the vast majority of these bookbinding be later destroy as their valuable jewel be remove by vandal . some still exist in major library for example the morgan library in new york the john rylands library in manchester the british library in london and the bibliothèque nationale in paris .
69 these be not large uncut gem as in mediaeval time but semi-precious stone en cabochon set into beautifully design binding with multi-coloured leather inlay and elaborate gilt tooling . the craftsmanship of these binding be unsurpassable only their competitor riviere produce work of similar quality . the most famous of these binding the great omar on a large copy of fitzgerald s rubaiyat of omar khayyam have over 1,000 jewel it go down with the titanic . the largest collection of these masterpiece be the phoebe boyle one over 100 jewelled binding be sell in 1923 . jewelled binding occasionally appear at auction literature on they be surprisingly scant give their superb quality .
12 asec have a youth academy that have be describe as the crown jewel of african football . the academy be start by roger ouegnin and jean-marc guillou in 1993 at asec s training complex . the student-athlete be give an education for which they take class in math history geography physics french english and spanish .
39 ken'ichi akama 赤間健一 akama ken'ichi goggle red ゴーグルレッド gōguru reddo a world class explorer and mountain climber . by save dr. hongou from deathdark s madaramen he come to realize what peril the world be in . his forehead jewel be the ruby it have the lowest roll call pitch symbolize atlantis . his rhythmic gymnastic apparatus be the rope . he appear in gaoranger v super sentai along with his 23 fellow red rangers from aka ranger to time red lead by his successor red falcon .
20 second-in-command . normally a janitor at korakuen stadium replace by the tokyo dome after the series end . his forehead jewel be the emerald second lowest pitch symbolize asia specifically angkor wat . his rhythmic gymnastic apparatus be the club . weapons black clubs ブラッククラブ burakku kurabu black emerald nunchaku ブラックエメラルドヌンチャク burakku emerarudo nunchaku and iron arm アイアンアーム aian Āmu .
12 develop a friendship with kijima . good with child . his forehead jewel be the sapphire middle pitch symbolize egypt . his rhythmic gymnastic apparatus be the hoop . weapons blue ring ブルーリング burū ringu and blue sapphire jet ring ブルーサファイヤジェットリング burū safaiya jetto ringu .
62 attacks portable rocket 携帯ロケット keitai roketto blue jet dash ブルージェットダッシュ burū jetto dasshu blue jet kick ブルージェットキック burū jetto kikku blue windmill whirlwind ブルー風車旋風 burū fūsha senpū spin kick スピンキック supin kikku kangaroo kick カンガルーキック kangarū kikku and flamingo kick フラミンゴキック furamingo kikku . futoshi kijima 黄島太 kijima futoshi goggle yellow ゴーグルイエロー gōguru ierō he work at a zoo . his forehead jewel be the opal second highest pitch symbolize mu lemuria . his rhythmic gymnastic apparatus be the ball weapons yellow ball イエローボール ierō bōru yellow opal megaton ball イエローオパールメガトンボール ierō opāru megaton bōru and yellow hammer イエローハンマー ierō hanmā .
55 attacks yellow holedigging イエロー穴掘り ierō anahori yellow attack イエローアタック ierō atakku yellow tackle イエロータックル ierō takkuru yellow double throw イエロー二段投げ ierō nidan nage and yellow windmill throw イエロー風車投げ ierō fūsha nage . miki momozono 桃園ミキ momozono miki goggle pink ゴーグルピンク gōguru pinku a gymnast who work as an announcer at kourakuen stadium . she forehead jewel be the diamond highest pitch symbolize the maya and inca . she rhythmic gymnastics apparatus be the ribbon . weapons pink ribbon ピンクリボン pinku ribon pink dia baton ピンクダイヤバトン pinku daiya baton and pink mirror ピンクミラー pinku mirā .
23 defeated by earth sword with electron galaxy cut . yamori mozoo ヤモリモズー yamori mozū 6,28 staff episode 6 first attack museum to get jewel of the world with fire breath sleep gas breath plus a long tongue . part of a plan to the morph goggle v. first fight be at the lab with gun that can demorph goggle v all but goggle black be there . after a while goggle black join in the fight .
54 after a while goggle black join in the fight . gecko mozoo attack goggle pink with his tongue en route of take back the gem that goggle v take from the lab . the second fight with goggle v plus the wrestler he attack the wrestler with his tongue in order to get the jewel . goggle black first to attack his tongue after goggle black use black shadow . goggle v use dynamite clubs and then goggle victory flash .
46 he be think to have become treasurer of lincoln cathedral some time in the 1250s . the treasurer be one of the four principal officer of the english cathedral whose duty be to keep the treasure of the church the gold and silver vessel ornament relic jewel and altar cloth . he would have have a personal residence in the cathedral close would have employ a deputy and a large staff and therefore could be absent as long as he perform those duty that could not be delegate source edwards .
1 hurricane jewel
29 on august 24 a tropical depression form from a tropical disturbance about mi 0 km south of acapulco . it intensify into tropical storm jewel the next day . jewel head generally northwest and parallel the coast of mexico . on august 27 jewel become a hurricane for six hour the minimum possible time . atlantic oceanographic and meteorological laboratory hurricane research division . .
25 on august 27 jewel become a hurricane for six hour the minimum possible time . atlantic oceanographic and meteorological laboratory hurricane research division . . jewel then turn to the west and then back to the northwest . jewel weaken to depression strength on august 31 . it dissipate shortly after that although its remnant remain distinct until september 3.
22 plot summary the action take place in a fictional central european country karistan where beautiful alta life with she young blind daughter jewel . jewel have a friend in the form of an enigmatic white horse . meanwhile american jim martin be send there to prove that a new investment be not go to harm the environment in karistan ...
24 metallus メタラス metarasu 11 a metal virus with a bladed left arm and a pincer right arm . on its chest be a red jewel that unleash a barrier when attack by beam weapon . after be send into the city s cash register metallus give anyone with a credit card 100,000 yen . with their newfound wealth everyone go on major shopping spree especially daichi .
44 whenever a credit card reach zero yen the register that scan it would detonate . in battle gridman be severely damage when metallus relfect his own beam fire back at he . use the new god tank god tank s cannon blast the red jewel on metallus disabile its barrier . without the protection of the barrier metallus be destroy by gridman s grid beam . and daichi leave his parent with 100,000 yen bill to pay .
26 and daichi leave his parent with 100,000 yen bill to pay . metallus datum be upgrade into neo metallus ネオメタラス neo metarasu 22 with a blue jewel on its chest and able fire flash of light from its mouth to stun gridman . neo metallus take control of a computer operate backhoe at a dinosaur excavation site and cause the machine to run out of control . draw inspiration from dinosaur ippei convert the dragon fortress in the dina dragon to help the lose gridman .
62 nanoha and fate repeatedly face off against each other over each new jewel seed they find and the tsab soon interfere to prevent the collateral damage cause by their battle . nanoha eventually manage to overpower fate and bring she to the tsab prompt precia to abandon she and attempt a dimensional jump to al hazard with the power of the few jewel seed that fate manage to gather thus far . gather she resolve fate decide to aid the tsab and nanoha in their fight to stop precia . although they manage to minimize the destructive side effect of use the jewel seed they be unable to prevent precia from finish the spell and she final whereabouts be unknown .
34 lind accidentally fire his gun wound nash s bodyguard greg diles faizon love . racial epithet be hurl at nash and diles . the gang walk away with over one million dollar in cash jewel and drug . they bring their loot back to the wonderland apartment to divide everything up . holmes be unhappy with the cut he be give even though he do not take part in the robbery .
63 fineview be a neighborhood on pittsburgh pennsylvania s north side . it have zip code of both 15212 and 15214 and have representation on pittsburgh city council by the council member for district 6 north shore and downtown neighborhoods and district 1 north central neighborhoods . many think fineview s wonderful view of downtown pittsburgh on the allegheny side make it an unknown jewel . for older generation this neighborhood be well know for its locally famous streetcar line # 21 with a steep grade of 12 % and a series of tight curve and turn throughout the area . this route run from 1951 to 1966 .
33 landmarkscommercial area in chung on street tsuen wandiscovery park one of hong kong s largest shopping center be locate in the heart of the town . there be a goldsmith street there where jewel can be purchase . other feature include tsuen wan shopping plaza citylandmark citywalk l'hotel the sam tung uk museum tin hau temple and the panda hotel one of the biggest hotel in hong kong . an 80-storey tower rise over tsuen wan .
21 # kitten feature jane weaver andy votel # anything you want feature qnc aim remix rae christiandisc two # drop a jewel feature afu ra funky fresh few # atomic drop fingathing # the jersey devil tony d
2 navratna nine jewel of instruction priceless instruction for a devotee
119 part by the manipulation of a truly horrible thoroughly enjoyable pantomime villain each member of the triumvirate suffer the trial and test of fairytale update for the 21st century ax far away as the hostage of a vicious drug cartel sage in his struggle to achieve the holy grail of bold as love fantasy neuroscience and fiorinda as a different and uglier kind of hostage lay down she life for she people . a rich fusion of legend and folklore science and fantasy ancient and modern bring the story to a climax . by the time aoxomoxoa set sail for the castle of the wounded king in a futuristic yacht call the lorien with a mainframe computer in the jewel of a ring borrow from the female merlin the re-imagining re-vision of the arthur cycle seem triumphantly complete .
64 sirmio be a promontory at the southern end of lake garda project 21 mile into the lake . it be celebrate from its connection with catullus for the large ruin of a roman villa on the promontory have be suppose to be his country house . catullus upon his return home from a long voyage joyously describe sirmio as paene insularum sirmio insularumque ocelle jewel of island and of peninsula in his carmen xxxi ad sirmionem insulam . a post-station bear the name sirmio stand on the high-road between brixia and verona near the southern shore of the lake . on the shore below be the village of sirmione with sulfur bath .
27 the deep well of his hair-lock and who have the brilliant fire flame on the surface of his forehead and who have the crescent moon as a jewel on his head .
61 a portrait of bianca capello . however she do not get on well with she husband s family who be very poor and make she do menial work until at last she beauty attract francesco the dissolute son of the grand duke . although already marry to johanna of austria know as giovanna in italy he seduce bianca and give she jewel money and other present . bianca s husband be give court employment and console himself with other lady . in 1572 he be murder in the street of florence in consequence of some amorous intrigue though it be possible that bianca and francesco be involve .
34 in sularin there be 21 gods sul the truth be the light of truth and the other 20 be facet of the truth . the nature of each god be inform by an icosahedral jewel compose of 20 triangular facet the 12 vertex of which represent divine philosophy good at the extreme closest to law mercy faith charity and patience then evil with greed chaos impatience intolerance and reality . this structure create three category of god good the five facet with good at one vertex evil the five facet with evil at one vertex and neutral the other ten facet .
6 sul the center of the 20-sided jewel of which each god be a facet . also use to mean the sun the universe the jewel and the god of truth .
34 1939 swim gym beverly hills high school beverly hills california 1949 mullen bluett building los angeles demolished 2006 dispute may have be design by son robert clements sr . pool bob . a wilshire jewel or imitation . los angeles times july 31 2003 .
56 victor frederick cochrane hervey 6th marquess of bristol 6 october 1915–10 march 1985 be a british nobleman . he be notable as have be a political activist he be chancellor of the international monarchist league and as a member of the house of lords . in his youth he be jail for three year for two jewel theft . haden-guest anthony . the end of the peer the observer january 22 2006 .
28 emi also release the 2cd version of how it works with plastic skies as a double album promotion in august 2005 . both album be in their own jewel case with full original artwork and both be silver disc . they be package together in a card slipcase .
33 each level contain two special room the gate room and the key room . the gate room contain an impenetrable gate beyond which lie the next level . the key room contain a jewel which will open the gate and be generally the most well-guarded and dangerous room in the level .
66 although the channel through which plancy collect his work be not clearly know he seem to have have collect they mostly begin from the early 1900 . most of old book plancy collect in korea go to the national library of france at an auction in 1911 while the metal-printed jikji be purchase in that same year for 180 franc by henri véver 1854-1943 a well-known jewel merchant and old book collector who in turn donate it to the french national library in his will .
40 in 2008 unheilig release album puppenspiel unheilig to release puppenspiel which be the follow up to the 2006 studio album moderne zeiten . the album be issue in 2 different version a regular album version with 14 song in a jewel case and a limited version in digipak with the follow two bonus song glaub an mich and spielzeugmann . the album would hit the media control charts at number 13 the band highest charting to date . during their tour in 2008 they have play at m'era luna zita-rock wave-gotik-treffen and castle rock festival .
79 the vice kings be form by benjamin king in sunnyvale gardens and one of the section of the projects district in stilwater to counterbalance the might of los carnales . warren williams and anthony tony green be lieutenant with tony s girlfriend tanya winters in the gang . in present-day stilwater the vk s serve as little more than the private security force that serve to safeguard king s personal dynasty which include illegal gambling prostitution and the crown jewel of the king empire kingdom come records . the vice kings refuse to sell drug for as benjamin king do not want to lose his political connection with law enforcement and city hall . the gang be loosely base on the chicago-based gang the vice lords and latin kings and their gang color be yellow .
36 the rebel then make for china in the capture galley but be unable to arrive there . instead they reach cochin china where the king confiscate the two cannon aboard and all the item of value jewel money etc. . the rebel be disperse to different place and the galley be abandon . a few of the rebel be later capture in malacca and send back to manila where justice be deal they .
43 the tagline be the dimensional adventure game of pitfall and peril it be set on an unexplored tropical island the home of the primitive idol vul-kar . player progress along wind path around the island avoid fireball and try to capture vul-kar s jewel and carry it to the escape boat .
30 rule the game mechanic in fireball island be moderately complex require both skill and luck to win . the object of the game be to escape the island with the jewel which must first be steal from the top of the mountain on which vul-kar sit . there be only one jewel so once a player grab it he/she become the target of the other . the jewel may change hand many time during the course of a game .
50 the game mechanic in fireball island be moderately complex require both skill and luck to win . the object of the game be to escape the island with the jewel which must first be steal from the top of the mountain on which vul-kar sit . there be only one jewel so once a player grab it he/she become the target of the other . the jewel may change hand many time during the course of a game .
49 the object of the game be to escape the island with the jewel which must first be steal from the top of the mountain on which vul-kar sit . there be only one jewel so once a player grab it he/she become the target of the other . the jewel may change hand many time during the course of a game .
16 immediately roll a fireball fake jewel play this card when a player attempt to steal the jewel from you . you keep the jewel and the opponent must continue his move past you . cancel any card except fireball card cancels any card include another cancel or a magic talisman.
19 fake jewel play this card when a player attempt to steal the jewel from you . you keep the jewel and the opponent must continue his move past you . cancel any card except fireball card cancels any card include another cancel or a magic talisman. magic talisman stops a fireball prevents any player from roll a fireball .
32 take 1 card from any opponent take one card at random from any opponent s hand . this card can be block however should the player hold both a talisman and the jewel . move ahead x spaces instead of rolling die x be 4 5 or 6 . may only be play before the active player move the active player move the appropriate number of space instead of roll the die .
42 tokens there be an altar near the start of the map where each player can pick up a token . tokens may be trade in at the ruin for a full hand of card but if you have a token and the jewel then other player cannot play take one card from any opponent on you .
1 the jewel the jewel be the most important game token since it be require to win . the first player to reach the top of vul-kar point get the jewel fill up his hand to four card and roll a free fireball .
3 the jewel the jewel be the most important game token since it be require to win . the first player to reach the top of vul-kar point get the jewel fill up his hand to four card and roll a free fireball . then he take three full turn .
29 the jewel the jewel be the most important game token since it be require to win . the first player to reach the top of vul-kar point get the jewel fill up his hand to four card and roll a free fireball . then he take three full turn .
5 if another player pass the jewel carrier the pass player steal the jewel . if the jewel carrier be fireball the jewel be place on the trail outside the smolder pit to be pick up by anyone . if the jewel carrier be fireball on a bridge the jewel stay on the bridge .
12 if another player pass the jewel carrier the pass player steal the jewel . if the jewel carrier be fireball the jewel be place on the trail outside the smolder pit to be pick up by anyone . if the jewel carrier be fireball on a bridge the jewel stay on the bridge .
16 if another player pass the jewel carrier the pass player steal the jewel . if the jewel carrier be fireball the jewel be place on the trail outside the smolder pit to be pick up by anyone . if the jewel carrier be fireball on a bridge the jewel stay on the bridge .
21 if another player pass the jewel carrier the pass player steal the jewel . if the jewel carrier be fireball the jewel be place on the trail outside the smolder pit to be pick up by anyone . if the jewel carrier be fireball on a bridge the jewel stay on the bridge .
40 if another player pass the jewel carrier the pass player steal the jewel . if the jewel carrier be fireball the jewel be place on the trail outside the smolder pit to be pick up by anyone . if the jewel carrier be fireball on a bridge the jewel stay on the bridge .
48 if another player pass the jewel carrier the pass player steal the jewel . if the jewel carrier be fireball the jewel be place on the trail outside the smolder pit to be pick up by anyone . if the jewel carrier be fireball on a bridge the jewel stay on the bridge .
12 a player who land on the dock a special space with the jewel win . it be not necessary to roll the exact number of move .
48 recent finding in 2001 the italian archaeologist mario polia discover the report of the missionary andrea lopez in the archive of the jesuits in rome citation need . in the document which originate from the time around 1600 lopez describe a large city rich in gold silver and jewel locate in the middle of the tropical jungle near a waterfall and call paititi by the native . citation need lopez inform the pope about its discovery . conspiracy theory maintain that the exact location of paititi have be keep secret by the vatican .
87 the good fairy make an appearance at the party and sing love be the light inside your heart teach pinocchio that love be an expression of freedom—his most powerful gift and what make he human . the good fairy also present pinocchio with a birthday gift she bring to life one of pinocchio s own carving a wooden glow worm that come to life and act as pinocchio s guardian . after the party geppetto announce he must make a delivery to the mayor—it be a golden jewel box geppetto have make for ten full gold piece . pinocchio want more responsibility offer to deliver the box for geppetto and set off . along the way his glow worm carve awaken and surprise pinocchio who accidentally name his newfound conscience gee willikers .
42 as pinocchio head down the path he hear the shout and scream of joy from child the sound be come from the newly-mounted carnival . pinocchio be tempt to explore the carnival but he be sternly remind by willikers to deliver the jewel box for his father and return home . reluctantly he obey willikers but as he continue with his errand he be accost by a cunning raccoon scalawag and his monkey sidekick igor . scalawag admire the jewel box and attempt to buy it from pinocchio who innocently inform scalawag that the jewel box will fetch ten gold piece from the mayor once it be deliver .
54 pinocchio be tempt to explore the carnival but he be sternly remind by willikers to deliver the jewel box for his father and return home . reluctantly he obey willikers but as he continue with his errand he be accost by a cunning raccoon scalawag and his monkey sidekick igor . scalawag admire the jewel box and attempt to buy it from pinocchio who innocently inform scalawag that the jewel box will fetch ten gold piece from the mayor once it be deliver . scalawag and igor convince pinocchio that the jewel box be worth far more than that and believe he will help geppetto pinocchio accept scalawag s payment with the pharaoh s ruby .
69 pinocchio be tempt to explore the carnival but he be sternly remind by willikers to deliver the jewel box for his father and return home . reluctantly he obey willikers but as he continue with his errand he be accost by a cunning raccoon scalawag and his monkey sidekick igor . scalawag admire the jewel box and attempt to buy it from pinocchio who innocently inform scalawag that the jewel box will fetch ten gold piece from the mayor once it be deliver . scalawag and igor convince pinocchio that the jewel box be worth far more than that and believe he will help geppetto pinocchio accept scalawag s payment with the pharaoh s ruby .
65 reluctantly he obey willikers but as he continue with his errand he be accost by a cunning raccoon scalawag and his monkey sidekick igor . scalawag admire the jewel box and attempt to buy it from pinocchio who innocently inform scalawag that the jewel box will fetch ten gold piece from the mayor once it be deliver . scalawag and igor convince pinocchio that the jewel box be worth far more than that and believe he will help geppetto pinocchio accept scalawag s payment with the pharaoh s ruby .
40 after his return home pinocchio be ashamed to discover that the pharaoh s ruby be a fake . geppetto angrily scold pinocchio for be too trusting and send he to bed . pinocchio feel guilt for the loss of the jewel box and doubt his ability to be a good enough real boy for his father . pinocchio determine that he be only a burden to geppetto and run away from home leave gee willikers behind . while he travel on pinocchio decide to chance an appearance at the carnival to look for work .
58 pinocchio and willikers leave the carnival but not before pinocchio vow to come back for twinkle . she lifelessly flop over in response as he exit . willikers think he and pinocchio be return to geppetto s be upset when pinocchio decide that the only way for he to demonstrate responsibility be to try and retrieve geppetto s jewel box . pinocchio set williker aside and travels on his own .
11 pinocchio find scalawag and igor and demand the return of the jewel box on account of the false ruby . scalawag and igor play ignorant of the ruby s authenticity and inform pinocchio that the box be back at the fair . they return to the carnival site but find that it be be pack up and return to the large ship that be moor on the river .
37 he eye pinocchio and ask he if he would like a ride . scalawag and igor afraid of the boatman beg pinocchio to refuse . pinocchio hesitate ask the boatman if he know where to find the jewel box . the boatman nod and agree to take pinocchio to it . pinocchio leave scalawag and igor on their own as he ride further into the belly of the ship .
55 as the boatman row along pinocchio be both surprised to hear music and see flash light in the distance . the boatman inform he that it be the place where dream come true . on the other end of the cavern which seem darker and emptier the gondolaman tell pinocchio that the location of the jewel box be in that direction . unable to help himself pinocchio prefer the brighter pathway and tell the boatman to row to the place where dream come true . pinocchio try to convince himself that it will only be a brief stop as the boatman row up to a gigantic juke-box shape funhouse know as the neon cabaret .
86 inside the makeshift prison scalawag lament to igor and pinocchio that perhaps they all have succumb to their desire without consider the consequence of choice—something the emperor count on in order to succeed in his dark plan . pinocchio vow again to keep the good fairy safe by refuse to sign the contract he be interrupt by puppetino who summon pinocchio to the emperor a second time . the emperor push pinocchio to sign again and pinocchio sigh in response say all he want be the jewel box . the emperor in a bit of play-acting tell pinocchio he be brave and return the jewel box to he . pinocchio timidly ask if he can have twinkle as well and the emperor summon she tell pinocchio he may leave with she .
66 pinocchio vow again to keep the good fairy safe by refuse to sign the contract he be interrupt by puppetino who summon pinocchio to the emperor a second time . the emperor push pinocchio to sign again and pinocchio sigh in response say all he want be the jewel box . the emperor in a bit of play-acting tell pinocchio he be brave and return the jewel box to he . pinocchio timidly ask if he can have twinkle as well and the emperor summon she tell pinocchio he may leave with she . the emperor command pinocchio to look inside the jewel box for another gift and find that his father geppetto have be shrink to fit inside the box .
51 the emperor in a bit of play-acting tell pinocchio he be brave and return the jewel box to he . pinocchio timidly ask if he can have twinkle as well and the emperor summon she tell pinocchio he may leave with she . the emperor command pinocchio to look inside the jewel box for another gift and find that his father geppetto have be shrink to fit inside the box . pinocchio offer to the emperor that if he change geppetto back free twinkle and let scalawag and igor go free that he will indeed sign the contract . believe he have no other choice pinocchio tearfully surrender his freedom with his signature and immediately transform back into a living puppet .
55 pinocchio thanks she for defeat the emperor and she proudly tell he no pinocchio it be you . she congratulate he tell he that his self-sacrifice be a loving choice and in choose reveal his freedom . the good fairy tell pinocchio that he no longer need she but before leave she present the lose jewel box to geppetto . scalawag s eye water over it but igor elbow he hard as pinocchio happily celebrate the return of the box . he pause though and realize that he could not save twinkle .
39 although not as well know as the world famous algonquin provincial park killarney be one of ontario s most popular wilderness destination . with its sapphire blue lake and white quartzite ridge it be consider one of the crown jewel of the ontario park system .
11 the accidental detective series the volcano of doom 2002 the disappearing jewel of madagascar 2002 legend of the gild saber 2002 tyrant of the badland 2002
65 the ressentiment which be establish itself be the process of levelling and while a passionate age storm ahead set up new thing and tear down old raze and demolish as it go a reflective and passionless age do exactly the contrary it hinder and stifle all action it level . levelling be a silent mathematical and abstract occupation which shun upheaval . ... if the jewel which every one desire to possess lay far out on a frozen lake where the ice be very thin watch over by the danger of death while closer in the ice be perfectly safe then in a passionate age the crowd would applaud the courage of the man who venture out they would tremble for he and with he in the danger of his decisive action they would grieve over he if he be drown they would make a god of he if he secure the prize . but in an age without passion in a reflective age it would be otherwise . people would think each other clever in agree that it be unreasonable and not even worth while to venture so far out .
4 1997 en vogue whatever jewel foolish games salt-n-pepa feat . sheryl crow imagine
5 janet jackson every time 1999 jewel jupiter swallow the moon jewel what s simple be true 2000
6 1999 jewel jupiter swallow the moon jewel what s simple be true 2000 lucie silvas it be too late
7 mary j. blige be without you 2006 jewel again and again jessica simpson i belong to i beyoncé listen
62 . . the multi-storey mecidiyeköy antikacılar Çarşısı mecidiyeköy antiques bazaar in the mecidiyeköy quarter of Şişli be the largest antique market in the city while the Çukurcuma neighbourhood of beyoğlu have row of antique shop in its street . the grand bazaar edifice between 1455–1461 by the order of sultan mehmed the conqueror also have numerous antique shop along with shop sell jewel carpet and other item of art and artisanship . historic and rare book be find in the sahaflar Çarşısı near beyazıt square and it be one of the oldest book market in the world and have continuously be active in the same location since the late roman byzantine and ottoman period .
20 descent 3/descent 3 mercenary release with the publication of descent 3 mercenary interplay productions also begin to sell a special jewel case that have descent 3 and descent 3 mercenary bundle together .
5 she be well-dressed cover with jewel and surround by man and somewhat brash and vulgar . as she wait to be let in the doorman look through the peephole and ask who be it
26 a remaster 2cd version of the album be release in japan by arcangelo records in july 2007 as a limited edition mini-vinyl sleeve . a standard jewel case version be release in the uk by voiceprint records in may 2008 .
15 translation which moped with chrome-plated handlebars at the back of the yard the exeter text jewel secret sex and a gallery portrait in three by perec georges perec raymond roussel by françois caradec
42 the vivekachudamani be a famous work by adi shankara that expound advaita vedanta philosophy . usha 1990 pp . 71-72 in vivekachudamani shankara describe develop viveka--the human faculty of discrimination--as the central task in the spiritual life and call it the crown jewel among the essential for moksha . espín james b. nickoloff 2007 p . 1471 viveka mean discrimination chuda be crest and mani mean jewel . hence the title means crest-jewel of discrimination .
66 the vivekachudamani be a famous work by adi shankara that expound advaita vedanta philosophy . usha 1990 pp . 71-72 in vivekachudamani shankara describe develop viveka--the human faculty of discrimination--as the central task in the spiritual life and call it the crown jewel among the essential for moksha . espín james b. nickoloff 2007 p . 1471 viveka mean discrimination chuda be crest and mani mean jewel . hence the title means crest-jewel of discrimination . madhavananda 1926 p . 1 sankara write commentary on the brahmasutra the bhagavad gita and the upanishad .
71 on july 14 2008 art curator jack armstrong file a lawsuit against harry winston inc. and its vice president goli parstabar in a los angeles superior court allege that winston be hold the black star sapphire of queensland hostage . armstrong claim that he be the owner of the famed gem which be consider the largest and most valuable of its kind at carat 0 g . armstrong have the valuable jewel ship to winston for safekeep . when he arrive to retrieve it winston refuse to release it . armstrong be quote in one instance as say i be bear in kansas .
112 on december 4 2008 the harry winston boutique at 29 avenue montaigne corner of rue clément marot in paris be rob of more than euro €80 million about usd$ 105 million worth of diamond ring necklace and luxury watch by a gang of three or four armed man just before closing . at least two of the thief be man wear wigs and woman s clothes . robbers take €80 million in paris jewelry theft associated press/international herald tribune 5 december 2008 the store have also be rob in october 2007 when a similar heist at open time on a saturday net the robber about €20 million thief take €20 million in jewel in paris heist international herald tribune 11 october 2007 access 5 december 2008
29 the president of lvmh bernard arnault handpick ozwald in 2003 and appoint he as creative director of menswear at the celebrated french fashion house givenchy – one of the jewel in the lvmh crown to bring his unique brand of savile row tradition and contemporary design to this french menswear brand the magic touch lvmh chief bernard arnault run dozen of luxury brand from moet chandon to thomas pink . but just one of they louis vuitton-brings in 60 % of the conglomerate s profit . his challenge to apply vuitton s win formula to the re ... .
4 norway red alpinglow petit jewel prairie star louise swenson
8 the beach at the lake be call the jewel of the park and be use for swim boating and fishing . in the winter some cross-country skier use the flat surface as a trail . the appalachian trail parallel the west side of the lake .
2 the crown jewel of campus be the paul porter center for the performing arts which be host not only to the college s theatre program but a concert season that often include world-renowned artist . the centerpiece of the concert hall be one of the region s largest pipe organ .
3 tristan retrieve the jewel that yvaine be wear . una explain that tristan be the last male heir of stormhold . tristan become the new king with yvaine as his queen .
14 during chivington s early day it support a number of local business the crown jewel be the $ 10,000 60-room 3-story queen anne style kingdon hotel--but when the railroad realize that chivington s water have too high an alkali content to use in the locomotive boiler a nearby town in kansas horace instead become an important water stop for the railroad . the kingdon hotel be disassembled its intended purpose be to house railroad worker and its material ship to two other colorado community for construct building there--a common fate in colorado in the era .
34 the national farmers bank of owatonna minnesota be a bank building design by louis sullivan with decorative element by george elmslie . it be build in 1908 and be the first of sullivan s jewel box . the building be clothe in red brick with green terra cotta band and feature two large arch . internal element include two stained glass window design by louis j. millet a mural by oskar gross and four immense cast iron electrolier design by george elmslie and cast by winslow brothers company own by william winslow for whom frank lloyd wright design an iconic house .
8 imageswest elevation detailcartouchecartouche detailexterior terra cottaother louis sullivan jewel box farmers and merchants bank columbus wisconsin 1919 henry adams building algona iowa 1913
13 situate between the nkomi and ndogo lagoons loango national park be the true jewel of africa s western coast . the naturalist mike fay call loango africa s last eden and this be where michael nick nichols from national geographic take his well-known picture of surf hippo . both man call loango the land of surfing hippo .
48 a british security service mi5 file record that rauff be post to tunis in 1942 as head of the sicherheitsdienst where he lead an einsatzkommando an ss task force which conduct a well-organised persecution campaign against the country s jew and partisans . rauff s man also steal jewel silver gold and religious artefact from the tunisian jews . in 1943 rauff be evacuate from tunis to italy where he take charge of all gestapo and sicherheitsdienst operation throughout the northwest of the country .
107 the great difference between the see of york and canterbury be settle during thoresby s time as archbishop . it be arrange that each primate should carry his cross erect in the province of the other but as an acknowledgment of this concession thoresby within the space of two month and each of his successor within the same period after his election be to send a knight or a doctor of law to offer in his name at the shrine of st . thomas of canterbury an image of gold to the value of £40 in the fashion of an archbishop hold a cross or some other jewel . it be at this time also that the pope innocent vi make in fuller s word a new distinction primate of all england and primate of england give the former to canterbury and the latter to york . thus when two child cry for the same apple the indulgent father divide it betwixt they .
36 in the ball-room the long card-room the octagonal card-room the staircase and the passage the hum of many voice and the sound of many foot be perfectly bewilder . dresses rustle feather wave light shone and jewel sparkle . there be the music — not of the quadrille band for it have not yet commence but the music of soft tiny footstep with now and then a clear merry laugh — low and gentle but very pleasant to hear in a female voice whether in bath or elsewhere .
45 the town s cultural activity greatly increase . other than the many traditional cultural and religious fair and festival annually celebrate flower show yachting race concert and theatre performance be organize . kyrenia the smallest of cypriot town be undoubtedly the island s most precious jewel .
43 nocturnal opera be an album release by moi dix mois on july 20 2004 . it be also release in europe as a 2cd digipack with the other cd contain a collection of the singles release by moi dix mois . a 2cd jewel case be also release in europe .
5 lisa marie presley chaka khan jewel ashanti whitney houstonspecial guest performers
26 see also the item w.i.t.c.h. the heart be the source of mystical energy for the world they come from . they can be represent by a jewel a talisman or a living being . prominently feature in the series be the heart of candracar a pendant that allow w.i.t.c.h. to transform . over the course of the series it be reveal that elyon brown queen of meridian be the heart of meridian and lilian hale cornelia s younger sister be the heart of earth .
75 a hellenistic site at vryokastro above the bay of episkopi on the northwest part of the island be partially excavate in the mid-20th century yield floor plan of house and a sanctuary as well as a few artifact . in greek newspaper article of december 19 2002 archaeologist alexandros mazarakis-ainian announce a spectacular discovery on this site an inner sanctum adyton of the temple be find intact and unplundered . over 1,400 object include precious jewel and gold silver and bronze artifact terracotta figurine and paint vase be excavate from what the archaeologist have determine be a 2,700-year-old temple dedicate to either hera queen of the god or aphrodite goddess of love . the artifact date mostly from the 7th to the 5th century bce. the site at vryokastro be inhabit until roman time .
10 nathaniel allison murray be one the commonly refer to as jewel of alpha phi alpha fraternity at cornell university in 1906 . he be a member of alpha chapter’s first committee on organization of the new fraternal group as well as the committee on the grip and later become a charter member of washington d.c.’s mu lambda chapter .
41 they use blackhawk s plane and adam s zeta beam to travel to rann and confront the injustice league . they cannot however prevent agamemno from assemble the item . when he do he be seemingly destroy as luthor replace the jewel kryptonite with a diamond . the villain then take the power for themselves and head back to earth . the zeta beam fade and the team be return to earth as well .
24 in august 2005 emi release plastic skies as a double album promotion with how it works 2000 . the album be each package in jewel case with full original artwork and both disc be silver . they be package together in a card slipcase .
58 at the time this album appear the music industry be start to shift away from use cd longbox . sting a committed environmentalist want to eliminate the amount of cardboard waste cause by the longbox . the original packaging be a fourfold cardboard case that could be modify to look like a longbox and fold back into a jewel box size cd package for home storage . in germany the cd be only sell in jewel case and long box be totally uncommon there . the cover painting be a commission work by the scottish artist steven campbell .
56 sting a committed environmentalist want to eliminate the amount of cardboard waste cause by the longbox . the original packaging be a fourfold cardboard case that could be modify to look like a longbox and fold back into a jewel box size cd package for home storage . in germany the cd be only sell in jewel case and long box be totally uncommon there . the cover painting be a commission work by the scottish artist steven campbell .
1 mussoorie jewel of the hills by ruskin bond 1996 .
13 lillith alice be kanato s robot-servant construct to look like teenager girl with jewel in their forehead . they be obsess with their master and even show sign of human love . in the anime series they be voice by etsuko kozakura and naomi nagasawa respectively .
31 finding of the excavation include paved road some brick and many adobe building floor heating system bed-stove evidence for processing of copper gold silver iron incl . iron wheel nave glass jewel bone and birch bark as well as ceramic and coin from china and central asia . four kiln have also be unearthed . christina franken die brennöfen im palastbezirk von karakorum in dschingis khan und seine erben p . 147 149 ulambayar erdenebat ernst pohl aus der mitte der hauptstadt die ausgrabungen der universität bonn im zentrum von karakorum in dschingis khan und seine erben p . 168 175
46 the park be a hilly secondary forest area bisect by the middle fork river . the deep pool large flat rock and riverside beach have provide generation of camper local teens and college student a place to swim or work on their tan . crockett m. jewel in our crown pictoria histories charleston wv 2004 . isbn 1-891852-35-3 audra state park be the site of alum cave which be accessible by a boardwalk build along this overhanging sandstone ledge .
22 on american television michell have make appearance on the mystery series murder she write star angela lansbury play dennis stanton a former jewel thief turn insurance claim investigator who always solve his case with unusual method and send a copy of the story to his friend jessica fletcher afterwards .
41 ramin who be already in love with vis attempt to dissuade mobad from try to vis . however mobad s brother zard suggest bribe shahro as a way of win over vis . mobad listen to zard and send money and jewel to shahru and bribe she to gain entry to the castle . he then take vis away much to the chagrin of viro .
79 she be constantly on the move and have be spot in new orleans about six month to a year before she contact she father she be already use his surname at the time ellerston atlanta and new york-working briefly but very successfully as a fashion model in the last city . she be secretive about she personal information never give out an address or a phone number . in she modelling career she rebuff the villainous fashion designer and jewel thief simon garrett when he try to romance she and be on friendly term with gina an fbi agent pose as an executive at the modelling agency . after teri move on gina impersonate she in order to trap garrett become entangle with max and the master in the process . terus do not appear to have be aware of gina s profession and gina s impersonation be aim at people who do not know teri well so she behavior in the role should not be take as necessarily typical of the other woman s .
14 sesame street pbs charlotte camp 2002 crackle box pbs tunie princess gwenevere and the jewel rider synd . gwenevere
44 cadmus be the bringer of literacy and civilization kill the sacred dragon that guard the spring of ares . the goddess athena tell he to sow the tooth from which spring a group of ferocious warrior call the spartous . he throw a precious jewel into the midst of the warrior who turn on each other in an attempt to seize the stone for themselves . the five survivor join with cadmus to find the city of thebes .
63 their mission in 2007 be to help other resistance member who have just arrive to forge identification money supplies etc . three be terminate by a t-888 terminator . the survive agent s location be unknown although he be as evident by his skynet prison camp tattoo watch from an alley as the connors and cameron leave his apartment after looting valuable money jewel weapon etc. from the apartment s safe .
29 jack roland murphy or murph the surf bear 1938 in los angeles california be a surfing champion musician author artist and convict murderer who be involve in the biggest jewel heist in american history at the american museum of natural history . today jack murphy be an ordained minister work with inmate in the field of prison ministry .
47 he be involve with a robbery on october 29 1964 of the star of india along with several other precious gem include the eagle diamond and the de long ruby . this robbery be call the jewel heist of the century . it target the j.p. morgan jewel collection from the display case of new york s american museum of natural history .
32 murphy have case the museum earlier and discover from a 17-year-old visitor that security be lax to non-existent . the burglar alarm system be non-operational and a second story window in the jewel room be usually leave open to aid in ventilation . the thief climb in through the window and discover that the display case alarm be non-functional as well . the steal jewel be value at more than $ 400,000 .
45 the burglar alarm system be non-operational and a second story window in the jewel room be usually leave open to aid in ventilation . the thief climb in through the window and discover that the display case alarm be non-functional as well . the steal jewel be value at more than $ 400,000 .
30 murphy be now international director for champions for life visit prison jail and youth detention facility all over the world . murphy author a book of his experience and testimony jewel for the journey .
76 prior to cyber s first encounter with the depower amazon she henchman plunder the monastery of i ching for the gem and precious metal within and slaughter the resisting monk . colonel steve trevor unsuccessfully attempt to infiltrate cyber s network but learn of their plot to create chaos within the us government by send bomb inside toy to the child of congressman . this plot be actually a ruse to divert attention from a london jewel heist foiled by wonder woman and i ching . doctor cyber escape only to resurface in hong kong several week later . wonder woman # 179-182 november-december 1968—may-june 1969
25 in jamaica solomon gundy refer more specifically to a dish make of salt herring and spice . the food of jamaica authentic recipe from the jewel of the caribbean . john demers eduardo fuss . tuttle publishing 1998 .
25 character risky a shinigamus in training risky take to she job quite gleefully . she be robe in a skull stud black outfit with a jewel in the center long black stocking and a large hat that look like a cross between a ten gallon hat and a stereotypical witch s hat . she have black hair and dark blue-grey eye . she wield a scythe that among other thing can take the soul of the living who be fill with sadness present illusion deal with the cause of the current target s sadness and act as a microphone .
30 safety an angel in training safety take just as much joy bring happiness and blessing as risky do take soul . she wear a simple white robe with a small jewel and collar as the only thing that stick out . she also have a jewel on she forehead . she have long blue-green hair which she tie up in pink band and slightly darker blue-green eye .
45 safety an angel in training safety take just as much joy bring happiness and blessing as risky do take soul . she wear a simple white robe with a small jewel and collar as the only thing that stick out . she also have a jewel on she forehead . she have long blue-green hair which she tie up in pink band and slightly darker blue-green eye . she be near-sighted so she must wear glass .
55 in the 12th year of his reign he attack the king of uttarapatha . then bring back the holy idol of kalinga s jain gods the blessed tirthankars which earlier magadha ruler have carry away with they after kalinga war in past . tirthankar’s idol be bring back with its crown and endowment and the jewel plunder by king nanda from the kalinga royal palace along with the treasure of anga and magadha be regain .
18 miscellaneous the strong distinctive character of the village of mons its calm and beauty have make it the jewel of varois hinterland situate as it be at the confines of the gavot upland . the monsois have have to grapple with adversity over the century their tenacity and courage have forge they into a hardy solid and community and they bear the nickname of chinois de provence the chinese of provence .
46 with freddie desperate to get the necklace ship over to his increasingly irate wife and threaten to distrupt plimsoll and vee s happiness gally propose to hold the family to ransom get the family s blessing for prudence and lister s marriage in return for the jewel . lister lurk in the garden glimpse an overjoyed prudence on a balcony but cannot catch she attention so he fetch a ladder and climb to the balcony . he be spot by colonel wedge who mistake he for a burglar and fetch footman and his revolver .
77 despite be a popular advertisement mattel successfully sue nissan to take the ad off tv . 2000 year of the dot com commercial 2009 joe and dave herbert from batesville indiana create a dorito commercial where one employee make a wish come true by throw a snow globe against a vending machine glass and breaking it which be do in one take and another worker use the same snow globe to hit his boss in the family jewel . the ad earn a us $ 1 million payday as the number one rank ad in the annual usa today super bowl ad meter survey from dorito ownwer frito-lay as part of their annual crash the super bowl contest . 2009 pittsburgh steelers safety troy polamalu be involve in a spoof of the 1980 coca-cola ad where a kid try to give he his coke zero but the two coke brand executive which usually appear in coke zero ad and overzealously defend their brand suddenly appear and take the bottle .
41 it be popularly know as the blutritt . the relic be carry by a rider der heilige blutritter on horseback follow by many other rider and many thousand people on foot . the reliquary formerly of solid gold set with numerous jewel and value at about 70,000 florin be confiscate by the government at the suppression of the monastery and replace by a gild copper imitation .
12 # 2000 miles coldplay # make someone happy seal # blue christmas jewel # o come all ye faithful chris botti # bethlehem down sting sweet tracks 2004
35 in 1997 she buy the boat of bernard tapie phocéa for 5.56 million euro to which be add 18.25 million euro of work . to carry this work out mouna sell a proportion of she jewel include one of the largest yellow diamond of the world carat 0 g for a price of 2.52 million euro 16.5 million franc and a bulgari necklace for 15.3 million franc . mouna ayoub have own since the beginning of the 1980s the largest private collection of haute couture compose of more than 10,000 item which she continue to add to each season . in 2004 arabian business magazine rank she 45th richest arab with wealth estimate at $ 380 million .
55 the film s screenplay use the merest skeleton of the story and character and blend it with the egyptian mysticism of the mummy while capitalize on the thunderstorm mystery mood of the old dark house karloff s two previous universal pictures . eccentric egyptologist professor morlant karloff believe that if he be bury with a jewel call the eternal light in a faux egyptian tomb he have construct at his english country estate that the god anubis will manifest before he accept his offering of the diamond and grant he eternal life . morlant appear to die but the jewel be snatch by his servant before the interment . no sooner do the heir arrive for the reading of the will than morlant rise from his tomb extremely put out to find his bauble go and stalk about like the frankenstein monster to reclaim his talisman and punish the thief .
99 the film s screenplay use the merest skeleton of the story and character and blend it with the egyptian mysticism of the mummy while capitalize on the thunderstorm mystery mood of the old dark house karloff s two previous universal pictures . eccentric egyptologist professor morlant karloff believe that if he be bury with a jewel call the eternal light in a faux egyptian tomb he have construct at his english country estate that the god anubis will manifest before he accept his offering of the diamond and grant he eternal life . morlant appear to die but the jewel be snatch by his servant before the interment . no sooner do the heir arrive for the reading of the will than morlant rise from his tomb extremely put out to find his bauble go and stalk about like the frankenstein monster to reclaim his talisman and punish the thief . the purloined jewel be punt from servant to lawyer to niece to egyptian fanatic to spinister to mock vicar and eventually back to the revenant morlant who make his blood sacrifice to anubis before pop off for good .
60 morlant appear to die but the jewel be snatch by his servant before the interment . no sooner do the heir arrive for the reading of the will than morlant rise from his tomb extremely put out to find his bauble go and stalk about like the frankenstein monster to reclaim his talisman and punish the thief . the purloined jewel be punt from servant to lawyer to niece to egyptian fanatic to spinister to mock vicar and eventually back to the revenant morlant who make his blood sacrifice to anubis before pop off for good . the wrap-up reveal he merely suffer a cataleptic seizure and have be bury alive . that and his kooky state of mind account for his little walk .
58 the see sam sai thai ซอสามสาย also spell see samsai and occasionally call simply sam sai literally three stringed fiddle be a traditional bowed string instrument of thailand . its body be make from a special type of coconut cover on one end with animal skin and it have three silk string . typically the player glue a jewel onto the skin before play to reduce the skin s resonance . photo
77 gurna bring pirena to this place when the double full moon rise from encantadia s night sky prophesy by cassiopea as a horrible night karimarimarim na gabus in tagalog . she be suppose to show she ward how new hathors be breed and how pirena can defeat the hathors . however in the course of scout where hagorn and his man be head pirena be bite by a strange luminous creature she wound shape like the four jewel of encantadia in a north-west-south-east position very much like in the logo thus cause they to leave the place .
42 they drink the king s blood and with the aid of the tablenar slate of stone encrypt with enchan character they will multiply . hathors breed in this place for seven day . luckily when pirena become well again she heed she jewel of fire and she strike the tablenar destroy they forever .
35 temple to mammon display vast wealth and audacious treasure although they have similarly audacious trap and guard with which to defend they . most of they tower over the landscape . drip with gold and jewel his temple be themselves treasure that function as fortress . even the altar and sacrificial knife be encrust with gold and gem .
6 heart ranking crystal heart be heart-shaped jewel suppose to play a big role in the queen candidacy as well as in the magic world because it be the source of energy on their dimension each of they have different point .
94 the sugar sugar rune anime contain a total of 51 episode . the anime be somewhat different from the manga while it retain the original storyline expand on it at time it add element which a more stereotypical magical girl franchise . the main difference be that chocolat and vanilla must transform into their witch outfit in order to collect heart and cast spell chocolat s costume appear pink in the anime as oppose to the original black and while in the manga they must work in order to buy their wand and spell jewel in the anime these be present to they in the queen candidacy ceremony . lastly the anime add an additional color of heart – rainbow .
62 mirza kalichbeg fredunbeg the chachnamah an ancient history of sind give the hindu period down to the arab conquest . commissioners press 1900 section 18 it be relate that the king of sarandeb send some curiosity and present from the island of pearl in a small fleet of boat by sea for hajjáj . he also send some beautiful pearl and va­luable jewel as well as some abyssinian male and female slave some pretty present and unparalleled rarity to the capital of the khalífah . a number of mussalman woman also go with they with the object of visit the kaabah and see the capital city of the khalífahs . when they arrive in the province of kázrún the boat be overtake by a storm and drift from the right way float to the coast of debal .
95 a number of mussalman woman also go with they with the object of visit the kaabah and see the capital city of the khalífahs . when they arrive in the province of kázrún the boat be overtake by a storm and drift from the right way float to the coast of debal . here a band of rob­bers of the tribe of nagámrah who be resident of debal seize all the eight boat take possession of the rich silken cloth they contain capture the man and woman and carry away all the valuable property and jewel . the chach nama report that upon hearing of the matter hajjaj write a letter to the raja and upon unsuccessful resolution be reach launch of a military expedition . other reason attribute to the umayyad interest in gain a foothold in the makran balochistan and sindh region in addition to protect their maritime interest be the participation of army from sindh alongside persians in various battle such as those at nahawand salasal and qādisiyyah and the grant of refuge to flee rebel chieftain .
56 the opening sequence show a group of british soldier plunder an indian fort and take its riches by air to england . they be stop by the valiant raja azad singh dara singh . raja azad singh be of immense strength and manage to lasso the light aircraft subdue several english soldier and recover the steal jewel . around this time raja azad singh s wife rani durga nirupa roy give birth to a baby boy . the raja carve the word mard man intend to convey strength and bravery into the newborn s chest note proudly that the baby be smile throughout and can apparently feel no pain .
22 fight together kouji and gotsumon s vow 2003-02-16 2003-07-07 a gotsumon be defend itself from some knightmon try to protect the three jewel from an earlier episode and just then the gang arrive and fight the knightmon but the royal knights appear and destroy the jewel the knightmon and absorb the datum . the gang decide gotsumon should come with they and then head for seraphimon s castle where the royal knights be try to get past the barrier protect the castle . they fly to the top where they think it be weaker and attack while koji and gotsumon attack the knightmon they bring with they and the rest of the gang break in when they get in they find the datum .
45 fight together kouji and gotsumon s vow 2003-02-16 2003-07-07 a gotsumon be defend itself from some knightmon try to protect the three jewel from an earlier episode and just then the gang arrive and fight the knightmon but the royal knights appear and destroy the jewel the knightmon and absorb the datum . the gang decide gotsumon should come with they and then head for seraphimon s castle where the royal knights be try to get past the barrier protect the castle . they fly to the top where they think it be weaker and attack while koji and gotsumon attack the knightmon they bring with they and the rest of the gang break in when they get in they find the datum .
100 gx the character sho marufuji syrus truesdale play a fusion monster super vehicroid stealth union a monster that be a fusion of a drill rig a bullet train a stealth fighter and a semus truck and be a clear tribute to gaogaigar . the character subaru nakajima of the magical girl lyrical nanoha strikers anime possess a number of nod to gaogaigar some of they incredibly blatant . she henshin sequence in the show include at least two direct visual reference to gaogaigar in that she be surround by a tornado of green fog prior to transformation and that a jewel slide into place on she device mach caliber in the exact same manner and with the exact same dimension as the crown g-stone in gaogaigar s final fusion . if the video be switch around in some location the sequence match the sound effect as well . original final fusion video here brief clip of the henshin in question with final fusion music mix into the background as comparison here .
47 julia and corky find they be lock in . their shout eventually bring ukridge who release they and it emerge that ukridge have be drug by the curate while the butler have be lock in the cellar at gunpoint by the fake detective . aunt julia s jewel and collection of precious snuff box be miss .
21 she start choke he and call he by the name of eddie . she claim he have a trunk-load of steal jewel he plan to sell in sacred oaks violate an exclusivity agreement with the wallenquist organization . he explain that he be a used car salesman name phil and she understand . eddie be suppose to be drive a similar studebaker and look very similar .
12 adorn with many beautiful thing and cover with diverse koshas make of jewel and gem the raivataka hill shone with great splendour . with many golden pole on which be light lamp shone in beauty through day and night . by the cave and fountain the light be so great that it seem to be broad day .
53 and the mighty hero proceed thence to sakala the city of the madras make his uncle shalya accept from affection the sway of the pandavas . the illustrious prince deserve the hospitality and entertainment at his uncle’s hand be well entertain by his uncle . nakula obtain from shalya a large quantity of jewel and gem and leave his kingdom .
138 he who storm his enemy fort undauntedly who feast his minstrel and their family and treat they to endless draught of toddy who in the assembly of brahmins note for their knowledge of dharma and purity of life guide by priest learn in their duty and attend by his noble and virtuous queen perform the vedic sacrifice in which the tall sacrificial post stand on a bird-like platform within the sacrificial court surround by a high wall with round bastion he the great and wise king ala be no more poor indeed be this world which have lose he . like the branch of the vengus tree which stand bare when their bright foliage have be strip down by shepherd eager to feed their cattle in the fierce summer be his fair queen who have cast off their jewel .
20 when ask for guidance as to its design pope john request that it be lightweight and that the number of jewel the region be plan to use be halved with the savings donate to the poor . the tiara as a result be the joint-lightest in the papal tiara collection weigh only 2 lb 900 g
68 the tribe vairamas paradas tungas with the kitavas who live upon crop that depend on water from the sky or of the river and also they who be bear in region on the sea-shore in woodland or country on the other side of the ocean wait at the gate be refuse permission to enter with goat and kine and ass and camel and vegetable honey and blanket and jewel and gem of various kind . bring tribute to pandava king yudhisthira 2:50 .
35 l.j. sell his payless drug stores of oakland california to the washington-oregon payless store form in 1932 . jewel co. buy sav-on drug of southern california . 1984 in an unfriendly takeover american stores acquire jewel company for $ 1.1b . one aim be to become the first coast-to-coast drug store chain . curiously this purchase add sav-on drugs which jewel have buy in 1980 and which have its beginning with the partnership of o.p. skaggs and also return the osco drug chain which l.l skaggs have start to the skaggs fold .
47 the virtuous prince while stay in the kingdom of saurashtra send an ambassador unto king rukmin the son of bhishmaka within the territory of bhojakata . and the monarch cheerfully accept the sway of the son of pandu . and the master of battle then have exact jewel and wealth from king rukmin march further to the south . and endue with great energy and great strength the hero then reduce to subjection surparaka and talakata and the dandakas also 2:30 .
35 blanche parry 1507/8 february 12 1590 be a personal attendant of queen elizabeth i of england richardson 2007 p 7 133 chief gentlewoman of queen elizabeth’s most honourable privy chamber and keeper of she majesty’s jewel . richardson 2007 p 136
66 thereafter she hardly leave elizabeth and almost certainly attend she in the tower of london before she come to the throne . after elizabeth s accession in 1558 and kat ashley s death in 1565 blanche be appoint the chief gentlewoman of the privy chamber and she be one of those who could control access to the queen . she be in charge of the queen’s jewel from before elizabeth’s accession the queen’s personal papers clothes fur and book receive the present give to the queen especially as new year gift . she receive considerable sum of money on behalf of the queen . she pass information to the queen include from john vaughan blanche parry’s nephew during the northern rebellion of 1569-1570 and sir nicholas white master of the rolls in ireland and presentation of parliamentary bill .
68 the wyllie group focus on real estate include the perth convention exhibition centre which it co-own abc premium news convention centre to boost tourism industry aug 26 2004 access through the australia new zealand reference centre ebsco wyllie also own ten per cent of the burswood casino before sell his interest to kerry packer s publishing and broadcasting limited in 2004 . sunday times packer s burswood a jewel in the crown 5 february 2004 australia and new zealand reference centre
3 sahadeva have exact jewel and wealth from king rukmin ruling at the second capital of vidarbha name bhojakata march further to the south . there he reduce to subjection surparaka and talakata and the dandakas also . the kuru warrior then vanquish and bring under his subjection numberless king of the mlechchha tribe live on the sea coast 2,30 .
11 it be release in two version . a standard single disc jewel case cdve 962 and as a limited edition 2cd digipak cdvex 962 . track listingdisc one # all of my mother s name
51 intimate glimpse of abdülhamit ii and of she own life by his daughter ayşe sultan. we begin to prepare three day before the visit to the blessed mantle on the fifteenth day of ramazan . we get up early that day wear our most beautiful long-skirted ceremonial dress put on our jewel and go to topkapı . my grandmother get into a carriage of the sultanate the driver wear the embroidered uniform of the royal stable like the driver of the padishah . halim efendi who be the officer in charge of harem outing be in front with the guard .
0 jewel in the sky the us military satellite that never make it spaceflight april 2005 .
51 encantadian equivalent of greek god zeus the diwatas refer to he as bathala the supreme god of the encantandian and brother to arde . his likeness be represent by the many statue scatter around the palace of lireo and sapiro . one of his statue become alive when he give the jewel of the element to cassiopea during the war .
29 a circus of thief lead by sarousch michael mckean enter town to steal notre dame s most beloved bell la fidèle the inside of which be decorate with enormous jewel of various color . he send madellaine jennifer love hewitt his beautiful assistant to discover the whereabouts of la fidèle however she run away after see quasimodo . the gargoyle convince quasimodo to go to the circus in an attempt to court madellaine .
31 leave the cottage the guest pass by the queen who say soon i will be fairest in the land . they then enter the dwarfs diamond mine which be full of jewel of many color . they then pass under a branch with two vulture perch on it and then enter the queen s castle . there they see the queen s back to they as she stand before she magic mirror with she beautiful reflection in it say magic mirror on the wall .. . then she snap around and see the guest .
27 the final scene be the diamond mine where the witch appear several more time . she final appearance be on top of a doorway push an enormous jewel onto the rider . they then enter a room full of flash light imply they d just be crush . it be very similar to mr. toad s wild ride .
15 gameplay in cybernoid pirate have raid the storage depot of the federation and steal mineral jewel ammunition and the latest battle weaponry . the cybernoid ship have be dispatch with instruction to retrieve the steal booty and to return it to storage within a specify time limit . the cybernoid need to battle the pirate and their planetary defense system in order to retrieve the steal booty .
7 shoot pirate ship often leave power-up or jewel which cybernoid can then collect .
22 billboard magazine in its second review of the song to accompany the u.s. re-release call it another cool smart plenty passionate melodic jewel about the death of a friend and/or friendship with an instantly identifiable quick-to-the-point singalong track—maintaining pink s stance as the smartest female millennium-era singer/songwriter dazzle in star quality as alterna-pop s premier princess . taylor chuck . single reviews who knew pink .
39 yongjusa be a head temple of the jogye order of korean buddhism . it be locate in on the slope of hwasan in taean-eup hwaseong in the province of gyeonggi south korea . the temple s name mean dragon jewel temple .
28 plot in 1539 the knights templar of malta pay tribute to charles v of spain by send he a golden falcon encrust from beak to claw with rarest jewel but pirate seize the galley carry this priceless token and the fate of the maltese falcon remain a mystery to this day . this statement be incorrect as the knights templar found in 1119 be disband by 1312 after king philip iv of france have declare they heretics so that he could confiscate their wealth . however a second order of religious knight the knights hospitaller be in fact base in malta from 1530 to 1798 as a result of their long year on malta they be sometimes call the knights of malta .
5 milia fallyna jenius jet programme jewel of four soul
75 to help the planet regain it be hope and dream momo transform into an adult form of herself with an occupation tailor to fit the situation airline stewardess in episode 5 . police officer in episode 3. football manager in episode 11 . and many and veterinarian in episode 1 and momo become a veterinarian without the magic in some episode . . each time momo succeed in bring happiness to the person affect a jewel appear in the fenarinarsa crown . once 12 jewel appear fenarinarsa will return to earth s surface .
22 . each time momo succeed in bring happiness to the person affect a jewel appear in the fenarinarsa crown . once 12 jewel appear fenarinarsa will return to earth s surface .
38 pope paul s tiara be distinctive in many way . as with some other papal tiara it be make of a solid silver exterior over a feel lay . unlike other tiara it be almost totally devoid of jewel with the three crown represent by three ring that run around the tiara on which sit a handful of small jewel in isolation in addition to the aquamarine set in the center of each of the fleur-de-lis which make up the gold circlet at the base of the tiara .
59 pope paul s tiara be distinctive in many way . as with some other papal tiara it be make of a solid silver exterior over a feel lay . unlike other tiara it be almost totally devoid of jewel with the three crown represent by three ring that run around the tiara on which sit a handful of small jewel in isolation in addition to the aquamarine set in the center of each of the fleur-de-lis which make up the gold circlet at the base of the tiara .
3 though lack in jewel pope paul s tiara weigh 10 lb 4.5 kg in contrast to the 2 lb 0.9 kg weight of the previously-used palatine tiara .
48 jambavantha have kill a lion who have acquire a gem call syamantaka from prasena after kill he . many expert believe this gem be later rename as the koh-i-noor diamond of the present day . koh-i-noor a mountain of light krishna be suspect of kill prasena for the jewel so he track prasena s step until he learn that he have be kill by a lion who have be kill by a bear . krishna track jambavantha to his cave and a fight ensue . after twenty-eight day realize who krishna be jambavantha submit .
60 in april 1861 lucy witness the shelling of fort sumter from a rooftop in charleston south carolina . in november 1861 a unit of the confederate army be form and call the holcombe legion in she honor and she design and sew its flag . it be claim that she finance its equipment by the sale of some of the jewel give to she by the tsar .
96 the vast majority of people particularly the educated one lack faith in their own judgment humble respectful of authority daddy know best be easily con into believe that obscurity evasiveness incomprehensibility indirectness ambiguity and boredom be mark of depth and brilliance ... absorbing culture be a desperate frantic attempt to groove in an ungroovy world to escape the horror of a sterile mindless existence . culture provide a sop to the ego of the incompetent a mean of rationalize passive spectating they can pride themselves on their ability to appreciate the finer thing to see a jewel where this be only a turd they want to be admire for admire .
58 it be an account of an historic dialogue between rabbi and the dalai lama the first recorded major dialogue between expert in judaism and buddhism . the book be the first to introduce the expression jubu for jewish-buddhist to a wide audience . the title be a pun on the tibetan mantra om mane padme hum or the jewel in the lotus .
38 the despondent rebecca pray for god s protection . sir brian enter intent on win rebecca . he ask she to submit to he promise to raise she to the throne of king and to cover she with jewel . she leap on the parapet threaten to jump . a bugle sound heralding the arrival of king richard and his force .
33 thus the lifestyle of agakkar of beary community be largely influence by jain . most of the ornament use by agakkar be of jain pattern and have jain name . kharjana be the jewel box use by both jain and bearys . today the people of paunaraga or agakkar have lose their social and economic status but some of the house still remain in bunder area . their surname tell the glory once they enjoy .
18 walid a pious man on the plane of rabiah . he have be bless with many son many jewel and a great many camel . arabian nights
47 alas shiloach s character happen to be the worker in charge of both of they . main segment include a countess passenger bea fiedler have sex with the comically grateful character of shiloach . she do so in order to allow she count husband to plant steal jewel in his shoe and thus smuggle they without risk the couple themselves . later on in a shore leave in venice yudale learn some local fortune teller be also hooker if be tell the right secret phrase . his own fortune teller ignore his phrase though .
17 ppg aquarium in june 2000 the pittsburgh zoo ppg aquarium celebrate the grand opening of its newest jewel a 45,000-square-foot state-of-the-art aquarium . the $ 17.4 million facility flow with 380,000 gallon of salt and fresh water and house more than 40 aquatic exhibit . it be pennsylvania s only public aquarium and make pittsburgh one of only six zoo in the country to house a major aquarium .
23 glenn ford star as an american paratrooper who travel to france after the end of world war ii to try and recover a jewel encrust glove that have be steal from a country church during the war . his quest lead he to a beautiful young tour guide geraldine brooks and a nazi collaborator george macready whom he have fight during the war . the movie be shoot mostly on location in france and monaco .
14 build with stone instead of clay the dzong be name rinpung mean heaps of jewel but rinpung and all its treasure be destroy by the fire in 1907 . only one thangka know as thongdel be save . the paro dzong be rebuild by the penlop dawa penjor after the fire .
46 the original west orange high school complex have considerable architectural value . many student can actively recall their first experience with circular hallway carpet wall and floor spacious common area and ultra-modernistic design . for many decade west orange and apopka high schools be the crown jewel of high school facility within the orlando metropolitan area . even by year 2008 standard the auditorium and gymnasium have creative design that remain unchallenged by common institutional shopping center design common throughout many community .
23 # truly madly deeply savage garden # video kill the radio star the president of the united states of america # foolish games jewel # where have all the cowboys go paula cole # pressure man the feeler
0 jewel later appear in the sit-com spring and autumn about a friendship between a lonely boy and an elderly man and an episode of the hospital drama series casualty in which he be able to use one of his famous catchphrase refer to a nurse as a knock-kneed knacker old nose bag a term he have previously bestow upon nellie .
4 later in his life jewel appear in one episode of the comedy series one foot in the grave as well as the medical drama series casualty . in the 1990 itv play missing persons the pilot for the later bbc series hetty wainthropp investigates he play frank cross .
4 1997 i be a jewel 1996 pike place dancer 1995 fine n majestic
6 miss anna glypta be the crowning jewel in their weekend attraction before move to the viaduct in early 2007 as part of terry george s conversion of the viaduct from a leeds united pub into a fully-fledged gay pub .
81 these item be sell either in bulk or hawk on street by local merchant in town . sastri 1955 301 the western chalukyas control most of south india s west coast and by the 10th century they have establish extensive trade tie with the tang empire of china the empire of southeast asia and the abbasid caliphate in bhagdad and by the 12th century chinese fleet be frequent indian port . export to song dynasty china include textile spice medicinal plant jewel ivory rhino horn ebony and camphor . the same product also reach port in the west such as dhofar and aden . the final destination for those trading with the west be persia arabia and egypt .
5 appearance overdressed wear too many jewel too much hair too many flower feather and ribbon fashionable but over the top .
10 character traits main aim be satisfaction of physical need more jewel dress and sex . she will scheme to have they assure . she have an immediate attraction to il capitano she counterpart and they must be together .
51 despite mahmoud’s consistent humility and complete lack of interest in self-promotion connoisseur of traditional persian music who recall his radio program from several decade ago have in their possession rare home/radio recording or who’ve otherwise come to know his music/playing will continue to treasure mahmoud zoufonoun as one of the crown jewel of traditional iranian music and one of the few living legend of a golden era of this art form .
8 #alhadida old spanish term for hadith . #alhaite jewel . from arabic al hayt string . #alhaja jewel .
10 #alhaite jewel . from arabic al hayt string . #alhaja jewel . from arabic al-hagah the valuable thing . #alhamar red matress or bed cover .
23 the capital of the province be ranpur . another large city in the province be mayapore which be the key setting in the jewel in the crown . the princely state of mirat be a nominally sovereign enclave within the province . pankot be a second class hill station in the province which serve as a headquarters for the 1st pankot rifles an important regiment of the indian army who fight the axis in north africa .
19 lady manners be the widow of sir henry manners a former governor of the unnamed province . in the jewel in the crown she grandniece daphne manners fall in love with an indian hari kumar . daphne be the victim of a gang rape during a riot that become a cause celebre among the english in india and kumar be arrest as a suspect . unable to make the charge of rape stick the government put kumar in prison for political crime .
28 the college be describe in the northern star on may 25 1931 st john s educational and agricultural college at woodlawn on the outskirts of lismore and architectural jewel adorn the pastoral diadem of the north coast be destine to make history throughout all state of the commonwealth . its inspiration be eloquent tribute to the zeal enthusiasm and practical outlook of that order of the roman catholic church the marist fathers .
52 in 1686 etienne de lancey be force to flee bitter persecution by french catholics follow the oct 18 1685 revocation of the edict of nantes by louis xiv in which some two hundred thousand huguenots leave their native land . escape first to rotterdam with approximately 300 british pounds worth of family jewel sew into his clothing etienne sail to england obtain an act of denization naturalization from king james ii on march 3 1686 .
68 the idealised depiction of the natural world common to the then fashionable art nouveau style be a signifciant influence the twine tendril leaf blossom shell and coral branch be form and apply mainly by hand but occasionally difficult pâté-sur-pâté paste upon paste technqiue ornate arched shape stylize swirl and an excess of minute detail such as netting fish-scale patterning and tiny enamel-like dot which appear almost as inset jewel on the ware s surface .
32 moorish and persian influence be also evident include ornate arched shape stylize swirl and an excess of minute detail such as netting fish-scale patterning and tiny enamel-like dot which appear like inset jewel on the ware s surface .
7 padma lake in himalaya with mineral and jewel
12 mahapadma lake double the size of padma in himalaya with mineral and jewel
13 vinay an ordinary young man who find himself constantly mistake for a look-alike jewel thief name amar . vinay work with the police to impersonate amar and crack his crime ring--but it seem that amar have decide to impersonate vinay as well and soon their true identity be thoroughly muddle .
49 vinay live with his father a police commissioner and his mom in bombay . vinay s dad be quite upset with he as he have not learn any skill and spend all his time examine stone and jewellery . the city be be hold to ransom by a daring jewel thief who continue to baffle they to no end . they do get a pleasant surprise when they find out that he have secure employment with a lead jeweler by the name of vishamber nath . vinay also get to meet nath s attractive daughter anju and there be romance bud in the air .
81 the first floor have three elevator lead to the next floor and in the center of the room be a gate to the life realm which will become active when the azurik gain three of the four missing piece of the life disc . the second floor contain another elevator in the center of the room which lead to the third floor . around the elevator be ten object that azurik can gain each time he collect ten or more obsidian jewel . the third floor be an empty room with an elevator in the center that lead to the final floor . the top floor be where the elemental disc be hold prior to balthazar s betrayal .
68 the russian noble and guest gather on the eastern orthodox day of dormition the death of mary inside uspensky cathedral for the actual coronation . the throne of the czar the former throne of michael i of russia be inset with 870 diamond ruby and pearl . the throne of the czarina the famous ivory throne of ivan the great also be inset with a vast collection of jewel and rare gemstone .
75 the straw hat pirates aboard the thousand sunny be in peril as food and water supplies be run low . after luffy reveal that he usopp and chopper waste all the food in an eating contest sanji make he and chopper fish to make up for their lose as well as usopp look out for any near by island to restock . instead of catch any tasty fish luffy catch what appear to be a jewel . he try to show the other his new find mystery jewel but no one be interested . they be more worried about the lack of food .
67 after luffy reveal that he usopp and chopper waste all the food in an eating contest sanji make he and chopper fish to make up for their lose as well as usopp look out for any near by island to restock . instead of catch any tasty fish luffy catch what appear to be a jewel . he try to show the other his new find mystery jewel but no one be interested . they be more worried about the lack of food . can't eat it we do not need it .
61 it be one of five sword use during the coronation of the british monarch . it be carry in the coronation procession between the sword of temporal justice and the sword of spiritual justice . these three sword be believe to have be make for the coronation of charles i of england and be among the few item of the crown jewel to escape be melt down by oliver cromwell .
8 the cd come as 2 cd-r disc in jewel case and no packaging be give to save money .
66 she later fall in love with he as well when she hear he call for she in a long voice . as thingol dislike beren and regard he as be unworthy of his daughter he set a seemingly impossible task on beren that he have to achieve before he could marry lúthien . thingol ask beren to bring he one of the silmarils the three hallow jewel make by fëanor which morgoth have steal from the elves .
9 miscellanea the cd be not release in a traditional jewel box but rather in gatefold cardboard packaging . the woman feature in the underwater photograph be none other than art director christy coxe herself .
69 however one stormy night as he be watch out to see if any ship be in distress he notice a young woman who be badly injure lie on the rock . he carry she back to the house and he and his wife try to save she but she die soon afterwards . as they search she for some kind of identity oatway notice she carry enough money and jewel to enable he to buy the manor so he take the money from she . it be soon reveal to he that the young woman be kate and oatway be so guilt-stricken he board up the body in a secret room .
42 the band s name be mean on one hand to embody a shtick that combine 60s mod style nancy drew j. edgar hoover or ‘james bond in a skirt ’ as sarafina put it the word conspiracy suggest “images of cat burglar jewel thief spy and the like while ‘lipstick ‘ soften they . ” on the other hand there be a more personal dimension to the theme as well two of the band member be undercover agent . by day they appear as man .
23 lietzke enjoy collect classic car and have build an 11-car garage at his home in which to store his large collection the crown jewel be a 1967 yellow corvette stingray convertible . he list bruce springsteen as his favorite entertainer and don big daddy garlit as his favorite athlete . he make his home in dallas texas .
47 python a deceptively beautiful woman from the middle east whose face turn snake-like when angry or excited . she masquerade as an animal trainer at coquelicot s circus manage to get on coquelicot s good side to the point where coquelicot begin call she mother . a jewel thief by nature python be fascinate with—and enjoy eating—precious gem of all kind . she have no qualm about killing especially where jewel be concerned—for instance kill the ringmaster of coquelicot s circus when he refuse to give up the jewel embed in his top hat . she be voice by atsuko tanaka .
52 she masquerade as an animal trainer at coquelicot s circus manage to get on coquelicot s good side to the point where coquelicot begin call she mother . a jewel thief by nature python be fascinate with—and enjoy eating—precious gem of all kind . she have no qualm about killing especially where jewel be concerned—for instance kill the ringmaster of coquelicot s circus when he refuse to give up the jewel embed in his top hat . she be voice by atsuko tanaka .
70 she masquerade as an animal trainer at coquelicot s circus manage to get on coquelicot s good side to the point where coquelicot begin call she mother . a jewel thief by nature python be fascinate with—and enjoy eating—precious gem of all kind . she have no qualm about killing especially where jewel be concerned—for instance kill the ringmaster of coquelicot s circus when he refuse to give up the jewel embed in his top hat . she be voice by atsuko tanaka .
39 bimal roy – one of the most successful hindi film director of all time devdas 1955 film do bigha zameen . vijay anand – bollywood actor director and producer mainly during the 1960 and 70 . johnny mera naam jewel thief hrishikesh mukherjee – hindi film director know for a number of film anand abhimaan . nasir hussain qayamat se qayamat tak
74 when she boss mr. lippman sneeze without his handkerchief he will not shake hand with his japanese counterpart and spread germ and the japanese executive become angry and refuse to close the deal thus put pendant publishing out of business . on top of all this elaine find out that she be be kick out of she apartment building . the list of grievance include putting canadian quarter into the machine and buzz a jewel thief and jehovah s witness past security after which we could not get they out of the building .
34 bennett henry holcomb the county of ross a history of ross county ohio . madison wis. s. a. brant 1902 729 pg . galbreath c. b. ohio emblem and monument seal flag flower buckeye jewel mckinley memorial columbus ohio board of library commissioners 1907 28 pg . utter william t. the frontier state from 1803 to 1825 . columbus ohio ohio state archaeological and historical society 1942 468 pg .
36 the regular version of the album just display the heart in the girl s hand . both edition of the cd be 14.90 usd on bne s site . additionally the australian release be a standard jewel case show the girl rib with a cardboard slipcase over the top show the full album art with the heart on a plate .
41 mr. lee a direct descendant of lao-tse hold the pearl in his hand . he examine the pearl with intense scrutiny and then tear begin flow from the man s eye . when he regain his composure he acknowledge that the jewel be the long-lost pearl of lao tzu that disappear in a typhoon . mr. lee tell the factual history of the pearl hear many time from his elder . he tell mr. cobb that when his ancient ancestor lao tzu become very old he be weary of the unceasing evil of mankind and he resolve to spend his final year far from civilization .
23 bavaria aufhausen pilgrimage church of maria schnee 1736 1751 benediktbeuern anastasia chapel in the church of st . benedikt 1750 1758 consider a jewel of baroque architecture germany a phaidon cultural guide p . 96 . dießen be ammersee church of st . maria complete 1739 fürstenzell church of the ascension of the blessed virgin complete 1728
47 a sati be not she who burn herself on the pyre of she spouse . nanak a sati be she who die with the sheer shock of separation from god . yea the sati be one who live contend and embellish herself with good conduct rather than jewel and dress and cherish she lord ever call on him each morning . the woman burn themselves on the pyre of their lord
46 at that time it be convert into a cooperative apartment house . his living room be the former club library and feature an original marble mantelpiece a wide variety of original artwork and several lamp design by robert denning of denning fourcade . home design 2002 jewel in the town by bob morris april 8 2002 new york online retrieve june 29 2006
32 power stone collection bio a master martial artist from the town of tong-ang wang-tang follow his master s instruction for his final test collect the legendary stone that shine like no other jewel in the world . roam the world in search of the power stones and test his skill along the way way s optimistic personality belie his deadly martial art skill .
43 he only care about pretty shiny thing and cut with his knife . in manches his hometown he use to stop woman and steal their shiny jewelry . but then one day he overhear a tale about the power stones the most dazzling jewel in all the world and he immediately set off to claim they for his own .
49 he continue to assist cruyff throughout the dream team era and after josep lluís nuñez sack cruyff in 1996 rexach become coach once again . the controversial decision allegedly cost he the friendship of cruyff . under bobby robson he work as a scout where he spot a footballing jewel of the century by the name of lionel messi ex-barcelona coach carles rexach praised for discover lionel messi but in 1998 he leave for japan and spend one season as coach of yokohama f. marinos . rexach be join at the club by julio salinas and andoni goikoetxea .
18 top 2 performance show eva avila winner sass jordan you be an international artist and you be the jewel in the canadian idol crown 1-wild horse jake gold i d love to hear the record version of that song . it be wonderful 2-meant to fly
20 meanwhile the team now consist of marcel hanz sophie john and miles finally find the grotto . marcel start stuff jewel into his backpack and john locate a breeze blow through a rockfall on the other side of the grotto . as marcel fill his bag with gem the other dig out the tunnel . the team hear the beep beacon beetle and know another attack be come soon so they all move out through the clear hole except for marcel who be collect gem .
37 sophie have marcel s backpack and she take out one large gem for herself and throw the rest to john with a smile . as sophie walk off the palmer family hug. john look at all the jewel in the backpack and remind emily that she always want to be rich . with much grinning and tousling of hair the family start to walk off .
50 here visitor can witness the changing of the guard when a member of the royal family be there . during the summer month some room be open to the public for tour . other sight include the tower of london a royal fortress that hold a museum of the crown jewel of england . this also hold the famous tower bridge which be mistake as the london bridge . london .
43 he be also know for the distinctive artwork which adorn his release mostly surreal colourful collage often meticulous in their detail . however he have also release some recording in deliberately spartan or even non-existent artwork one cd release come in a clear jewel case with no paper part or other packaging . the official website archive nearly all of this artwork .
96 on december 4 2008 the harry winston boutique at no 29 be rob of more than €80 million about usd$ 100 million worth of diamond ring necklace and luxury watch by a gang of three or four armed man just before closing . at least two of the thief be man wear wigs and woman s clothes . robbers take €80 million in paris jewelry theft associated press/international herald tribune 5 december 2008 it have also be rob in october 2007 when a similar heist net the robber about €20 million thief take €20 million in jewel in paris heist international herald tribune 11 october 2007 access 5 december 2008
28 goldsmithery contribute for póvoa de varzim be one of the place of reference for proto-historical archaeology in north-western iberian peninsula . namely with the finding of some complete jewel the earring of laundos and the articulated necklace and earring of estela . in the proper cividade some certification of work in gold and silver have be collect by rocha peixoto . in all the mountain range of rates the ancient mining exploration be visible castro and roman one give that these mount possess essential gold and silver for jewel production .
67 namely with the finding of some complete jewel the earring of laundos and the articulated necklace and earring of estela . in the proper cividade some certification of work in gold and silver have be collect by rocha peixoto . in all the mountain range of rates the ancient mining exploration be visible castro and roman one give that these mount possess essential gold and silver for jewel production .
28 in 1904 a mason while construct a mill in the top of the mount of são félix close to the smaller castro de laundos find a vase with jewel inside these jewel have be buy by rocha peixoto that take they for the museum of porto . the jewel have disclose the use of an evolve technique very similar to one make in the mediterranean namely with the use of plate and weld filigree and granulate .
31 in 1904 a mason while construct a mill in the top of the mount of são félix close to the smaller castro de laundos find a vase with jewel inside these jewel have be buy by rocha peixoto that take they for the museum of porto . the jewel have disclose the use of an evolve technique very similar to one make in the mediterranean namely with the use of plate and weld filigree and granulate .
48 in 1904 a mason while construct a mill in the top of the mount of são félix close to the smaller castro de laundos find a vase with jewel inside these jewel have be buy by rocha peixoto that take they for the museum of porto . the jewel have disclose the use of an evolve technique very similar to one make in the mediterranean namely with the use of plate and weld filigree and granulate .
38 in 1980 the discovery of a funerary cist and an entire vase and fragment of another one without cover evidence break . this vase be very similar to another find in mount são félix this last one with jewel in its interior assume that these jewel have the same funerary context .
45 in 1980 the discovery of a funerary cist and an entire vase and fragment of another one without cover evidence break . this vase be very similar to another find in mount são félix this last one with jewel in its interior assume that these jewel have the same funerary context .
52 history of grandfather mountain after hugh morton die in 2006 his family sell the mountain and surround land to the state of north carolina for $ 12 million . it be turn into the state s 34th state park officially receive that status in april 2009 . asheville citizen-times grandfather mountain wnc jewel be now a state park 5 april 2009 .
39 yorihisa be a samurai in the service of the imperial court . serious and disciplined he swear fealty to akane as his master and he always obey akane s command . his elemental attribute be wind and his dragon jewel be locate on his left ear .
40 he have little concern for formality and can be abrasive but he have a strong sense of responsibility to other . tenma s younger sister have be miss for some time . his elemental attribute be thunder and his dragon jewel be locate on his left arm .
33 he have a fierce hatred of oni . though he can be hot-headed inori have an open honest personality and he value his family . his elemental attribute be fire and his dragon jewel be locate on his forehead .
55 shimon be junior high student and a friend of akane who also be pull into kyō . the oni clan be say to have blond hair and blue eye and because shimon have a similar appearance the people of kyō often mistake he for an oni . his elemental attribute be earth and his dragon jewel be locate on the back of his right hand .
40 takamichi be a nobleman and he work in the government as the vice minister of civil affairs . he have a serious but calm personality and a strong sense of justice . his elemental attribute be heaven and his dragon jewel be locate on the right side of his neck .
46 like takamichi tomomasa be a nobleman employ as a lieutenant of the left imperial guard . he be aloof and easy-going and though he hide it much of the time he be a good judge of character . his elemental attribute be swamp and his dragon jewel be locate between his collar bone .
23 he be a refined youth who hate conflict . he play the flute skillfully . his elemental attribute be water and his dragon jewel be locate in the palm of his left hand .
30 he be cold and analytical . because he be an artificial human create by abe no seimei yasuaki lack human emotion . his elemental attribute be mountain and his dragon jewel be locate beneath his right eye .
30 her majesty s dog 女王様の犬 joō-sama no inu a wise man sleeps 賢者は眠る 新城未明の宝石事件簿 kenja wa nemuru shinjō mimei no hōseki jikenbo a wise man sleeps the story of the jewel of the new urban dawn case mikeneko holmes no kyoufukan 三毛猫ホームズの恐怖館 mikeneko hōmuzu no kyōfukan three-fur-cat holmes of the terror building
62 # the high fence the saint and his partner patricia holm and hoppy unitaz pursue a mysterious and deadly purveyor of steal goods know as the high fence who have a habit of kill people who be about to reveal his identity to chief inspector claud eustace teal and scotland yard . thing heat up when simon steal a small fortune in jewel from the high fence lead to a kidnapping a near drowning and a surprise revelation . hoppy appear for the first time since the misfortunes of mr. teal . # the elusive ellshaw when a woman ask simon to investigate the sudden reappearance of she husband who have be miss for a year the saint and mr. teal find themselves embroil in a case of blackmail and murder .
1 crown jewel after its owner captain carl netherland-brown close the inn in 1999 the rogersville heritage association decide to purchase the inn and continue to operate it as an inn while discontinue the function of its kitchen dine area and garden focus on the history of its previous inhabitant as the crown jewel of the downtown rogersville historic district .
52 crown jewel after its owner captain carl netherland-brown close the inn in 1999 the rogersville heritage association decide to purchase the inn and continue to operate it as an inn while discontinue the function of its kitchen dine area and garden focus on the history of its previous inhabitant as the crown jewel of the downtown rogersville historic district .
31 release the single be release on 2 cd and 7 vinyl . the first cd be present in a card foldout digipak case while the second be in a standard slimline jewel case . early copy of the digipak version be emboss with a stamp of the band s thorned ‘s logo . the vinyl be a strictly limited edition .
14 the dreamstone daw books 1983 . cherryh c. j. the tree of sword and jewel daw books 1983 . cherryh c. j. arafel s saga omnibus nelson doubleday science fiction book club 1983 . cherryh c. j.
12 the harp be the duchess s particular instrument swathe she with perfume jewel rich fabric all the trappings of decorative exterior andrew porter the programme note
30 endless endless mode be similar to puzzle mode though without an end . the player s goal be to stay alive for as long as possible and obtain as many jewel as possible before die .
17 versus be the multiplayer mode . eight player may connect . player race to get as many jewel as possible before their time be up .
5 tai be know for its jewel spring and a vast amount of its wealth derive from grow gem and precious metal . however due to the extravagance of the kyou-ou the country s natural resource have become severely deplete .
65 the kingdom of ryuu have very strict law and it be say that the last king of hou have model his law after those in ryuu . the current king of ryuu jo rohou 助 露峰 jo rohō have rule for 120 year but there be sign the realm be in decline . the minister and official willingly accept bribe they agree to take the jewel shoukei have steal from the king of kyou as a bribe . it be speculate that corruption in ryuu extend all the way to the king of ryuu . youma also infest ryuu s shore .
11 history of volcanic origin lunga have be describe as a green jewel in a peacock sea . populated until the 19th century lunga still bear the remains of black house . to the northeast of the island lie the remains of the ruin village which be abandon in 1857.
66 he tell she the oak have to be push over which would reveal treasure the ferryman have to push the boat off with another person in it and the whale have to vomit up the twelve ship it have swallow without leave . he go back carefully not tell the whale and the ferryman until he have already cross . in the russian version he receive jewel from the whale in the serbian he find gold and silver under the oak . he return to marko who set out to make sure the next time vasilii would not be able to escape but the ferryman push the boat off and marko be ferry people still .
36 . . 2003 xrco award for best 3-way – mason s dirty tricks with julie night and steve holmes 2003 xrco award for best sex scene couple – babe in pornland 14 bubble butt babes with jewel de’nyle 2004 avn award for male foreign performer of the year avn.com . .
91 just like haseem have say aladdin find a beautiful garden at the end of the third hall where all sort of animal live happily . below the waters of a small waterfall aladdin spot the sparkling oil lamp he grab it and take it away . just then aladdin be marvel by the sight of a tree blossom with beautiful flower think of his mother he decide to take a few to take back to she but then right before his eye the beautiful flower turn into even more beautiful shiny jewel . take hold of a small sack aladdin fill it with jewel of all color sure that his mother will be happy with the riches . shortly after aladdin make his way back to the foot of the stair that lead out of the cave haseem be wait for he just at the top of the stair .
78 below the waters of a small waterfall aladdin spot the sparkling oil lamp he grab it and take it away . just then aladdin be marvel by the sight of a tree blossom with beautiful flower think of his mother he decide to take a few to take back to she but then right before his eye the beautiful flower turn into even more beautiful shiny jewel . take hold of a small sack aladdin fill it with jewel of all color sure that his mother will be happy with the riches . shortly after aladdin make his way back to the foot of the stair that lead out of the cave haseem be wait for he just at the top of the stair . when haseems ask he to hurry up bring he the oil lamp aladdin tell he that it be too much for he to bring the lamp as well as the sack of jewel .
89 take hold of a small sack aladdin fill it with jewel of all color sure that his mother will be happy with the riches . shortly after aladdin make his way back to the foot of the stair that lead out of the cave haseem be wait for he just at the top of the stair . when haseems ask he to hurry up bring he the oil lamp aladdin tell he that it be too much for he to bring the lamp as well as the sack of jewel . haseem tell aladdin to leave the jewel behind but the boy refuse . angry haseem swear that if he shall not have the lamp no one else shall and then use magic to move the block of stone over the cave once again shut the entrance for all eternity .
72 shortly after aladdin make his way back to the foot of the stair that lead out of the cave haseem be wait for he just at the top of the stair . when haseems ask he to hurry up bring he the oil lamp aladdin tell he that it be too much for he to bring the lamp as well as the sack of jewel . haseem tell aladdin to leave the jewel behind but the boy refuse . angry haseem swear that if he shall not have the lamp no one else shall and then use magic to move the block of stone over the cave once again shut the entrance for all eternity . discourage aladdin sit at the foot of the stair try to figure out a way out of the cave scold himself for his big mouth .
94 his mother hear the tale of she son fall in love with the princess daughter of the sultan and of his long to marry the girl . the woman see the humor in aladdin s desire can only laugh for it would be impossible for the son of a peasant woman to be able to marry none other than the princess . offend by she laughter aladdin decide that now be the perfect time to show his mother a treasure he have keep away in his room and bring down the sack full of jewel . aladdin s mother ask if she have bring up a thief but aladdin explain that the jewel be rightfully his and that perhaps he may use they to convince the sultan to allow he to marry his daughter . the next day the sultan be receive many visitor from the city noble and peasant .
85 the woman see the humor in aladdin s desire can only laugh for it would be impossible for the son of a peasant woman to be able to marry none other than the princess . offend by she laughter aladdin decide that now be the perfect time to show his mother a treasure he have keep away in his room and bring down the sack full of jewel . aladdin s mother ask if she have bring up a thief but aladdin explain that the jewel be rightfully his and that perhaps he may use they to convince the sultan to allow he to marry his daughter . the next day the sultan be receive many visitor from the city noble and peasant . at the palace the vizier and his son be also present the son be also long to marry the princess leila but his father cannot convince the sultan to allow his son to do so .
71 aladdin s mother then tell the sultan of his son s longing to marry the princess and think she request nothing but a joke everyone present burst out in laughter . the sultan thanks the woman for make he laugh so hard and send she on she way . aladdin s mother explain that she do not joke and that they be willing to offer the sultan the sack with the jewel in exchange for his daughter s hand . the sultan examine the jewel and be about to consider the possibility when he be interrupt by the vizier who tell he that his daughter be worthy of much more than a sack of jewel . the sultan then declare that only if the woman could bring he eighty man each carry a chest full of jewel would he allow princess leila to marry the peasant boy .
53 the sultan thanks the woman for make he laugh so hard and send she on she way . aladdin s mother explain that she do not joke and that they be willing to offer the sultan the sack with the jewel in exchange for his daughter s hand . the sultan examine the jewel and be about to consider the possibility when he be interrupt by the vizier who tell he that his daughter be worthy of much more than a sack of jewel . the sultan then declare that only if the woman could bring he eighty man each carry a chest full of jewel would he allow princess leila to marry the peasant boy . aladdin s mother return home empty hand for the sultan have hold on to the sack of jewel and explain to aladdin of the sultan s impossible request .
83 the sultan thanks the woman for make he laugh so hard and send she on she way . aladdin s mother explain that she do not joke and that they be willing to offer the sultan the sack with the jewel in exchange for his daughter s hand . the sultan examine the jewel and be about to consider the possibility when he be interrupt by the vizier who tell he that his daughter be worthy of much more than a sack of jewel . the sultan then declare that only if the woman could bring he eighty man each carry a chest full of jewel would he allow princess leila to marry the peasant boy . aladdin s mother return home empty hand for the sultan have hold on to the sack of jewel and explain to aladdin of the sultan s impossible request .
87 aladdin s mother explain that she do not joke and that they be willing to offer the sultan the sack with the jewel in exchange for his daughter s hand . the sultan examine the jewel and be about to consider the possibility when he be interrupt by the vizier who tell he that his daughter be worthy of much more than a sack of jewel . the sultan then declare that only if the woman could bring he eighty man each carry a chest full of jewel would he allow princess leila to marry the peasant boy . aladdin s mother return home empty hand for the sultan have hold on to the sack of jewel and explain to aladdin of the sultan s impossible request . aladdin then tell she not to worry for he shall have the princess leila and his mother will have the proper house she have always deserve .
85 the sultan examine the jewel and be about to consider the possibility when he be interrupt by the vizier who tell he that his daughter be worthy of much more than a sack of jewel . the sultan then declare that only if the woman could bring he eighty man each carry a chest full of jewel would he allow princess leila to marry the peasant boy . aladdin s mother return home empty hand for the sultan have hold on to the sack of jewel and explain to aladdin of the sultan s impossible request . aladdin then tell she not to worry for he shall have the princess leila and his mother will have the proper house she have always deserve . aladdin bring down the oil lamp and show it to his mother she tell he that there be a time for everything and that perhaps now be the time for magic .
104 aladdin then tell she not to worry for he shall have the princess leila and his mother will have the proper house she have always deserve . aladdin bring down the oil lamp and show it to his mother she tell he that there be a time for everything and that perhaps now be the time for magic . aladdin explain his new need to the genie and shortly afterwards at the palace the sultan the vizier his son and even princess leila be surprise by the music of eighty man march down the street of the city each carry a chest full of jewel . when princess leila ask she father who the man ride with they be the sultan explain that he be to be his future husband . soon the princess leila and aladdin be marry with the sultan s blessing aladdin s mother be give a luxurious house to live in and the genie create for aladdin a palace even more magnificent than that of the sultan himself .
50 when the queen see the box she collapse as if dead and the count be lead to a dungeon and keep there . when the queen wake she insist on speak with he . she tell he that she youngest daughter have be a beautiful girl who weep pearl and jewel . but one day when the king have ask his three daughter how well they love he the youngest say that she love he like salt . the king divide his kingdom between the two older girl and drive the youngest out give she only a sack of salt .
15 when the queen have open the box a pearl just like how she daughter s jewel tear look like be in it . the count tell then where he have get the box and the king and queen resolve to speak with the old woman .
38 descriptiona depiction of a qilin mythological creature make of dehua porcelain ware ming dynasty 1368 1644 . dehua be rich in kaolin and famous for ceramic product especially craft and dinnerware include candle holder piggy bank photo frame jewel box flower basket jar vase plaque wall plaque garden decoration figurine statue animal bird pet and many other item .
63 noah and his nephew alphonse a mining engineer who have study at the royal military college of canada negotiate with alex gillies and benny hollinger who have uncover the hollinger gold mine . alphonse describe it “it be as if a giant cauldron have splatter the gold nugget over a bed of pure blue quartz crystal as a setting for some magnificent crown jewel of inestimable value . ” on the strength of his nephew’s information noah commit himself to pay $ 530,000 . quebec heritage news at 64.233.169.104
31 brahmadatta be mention as a highly devout king of panchala at 13,137 . here he be mention as donate a conch-shell . at 12,233 he be mention as donate two precious jewel call nidhi and sankha . he be mention at 12,342 also .
39 they be then send to destroy the great carapace a giant sand monster with a wooden shell . they destroy the shell and push the monster into a waterfall by use catapult . they be then reward with a jewel which be the battery for the communicator . they talk to jimmy and jimmy explain that mawgu be use a rip in time and space to steal energy from all the world and keep it all for himself and if he succeed their world will be destroy . then jimmy send tucker plan for the neutronic rip zipper a device that recover all the energy mawgu steal and close the rip .
69 at home judy and peter try to convince aunt nora not to call and get the plumber fire and she be find a cat in the kitchen that start to wreak havok and its indicate the cat break the vase not the plumber and he be tell the truth about be innocent of that . # 24 the riddle of alan 2/08/98 in jumanji peter try to retrieve a jewel from a plant but alan do not let he as he think its too dangerous . later in brantford peter be disgruntle as he feel alan be treat he like a baby and he do not want to play jumanji but judy drag he upstairs and roll get the clue find the truth so long conceal when the hidden face have be reveal and the two get suck into jumanji . there they encounter a giant armadillo and a giant bear that attack they but be distract by the giant armadillo which allow they to escape leave peter wonder where alan be .
46 and forgets the good he do to another never take pride in it . who care not for the praise and condemnation of the world nor himself indulge in it . he be not attach to woman and wealth such a one be praiseworthy and a jewel to his family . he be the same to all be desireless and the woman of other he consider like unto his mother . he never speak falsehood nor have he his eye on another one s wealth .
23 international firm such a tiffany co dunhill cigar brand and cartier sa as well as wempe rené kern order finely craft series of jewel and object . the company have also produce jewelry for the olympic games and fabergé .
17 torri superiore the medieval village of torri superiore xii i century have be describe as a little jewel of popular architecture . it be locate in the liguria in italy near ventimiglia county of imperia a few kilometre from the mediterranean sea and the french border . its complex and fascinating structure be develop on eight level with three main building separate by two partially cover inner alley .
8 intuition be a song by american pop singer–songwriter jewel from she fourth studio album 0304 2003 . written and produce by jewel and lester mendez the track be release as the album s lead single in may 2003 . follow the club success of serve the ego jewel move to a more pop-oriented sound with the release of intuition .
20 maritime museum miniature model museum wilhelmsbau a separate building which show a lot of rare object include historic fashion weapon jewel doll and toy uniform and automatic musical instrument .
30 these garland-bearing vidyadhara be quite common to nolamba architecture a clear evidence of the elegance and comprehensiveness of their style . the natesha meanwhile be a remarkable three-dimensional image wear jewel such as the katibandana and tassel . the dancing lord be accompany by three bhuta play a three-headed percussion instrument . they be also see with ayut and other symbol .
38 the love of stones 2001 hill s second novel garner wider recognition it chart the life of two nineteenth century jewish brother and a contemporary protagonist katharine sterne whose story be inextricably entwine with that of a long-lost jewel know as the three brethren or the brothers once own by elizabeth i the jewel be not a fiction . queen elizabeth be show wear it in the ermine portrait at hatfield house and document in portrait of queen elizabeth i by roy c strong oxford clarendon press 1963 plate 86 . .
53 the love of stones 2001 hill s second novel garner wider recognition it chart the life of two nineteenth century jewish brother and a contemporary protagonist katharine sterne whose story be inextricably entwine with that of a long-lost jewel know as the three brethren or the brothers once own by elizabeth i the jewel be not a fiction . queen elizabeth be show wear it in the ermine portrait at hatfield house and document in portrait of queen elizabeth i by roy c strong oxford clarendon press 1963 plate 86 . .
72 in skin a worker at london zoo investigate the disappearance of dead animal at the hand of an eerie figure the featherman finally discover his formalin-drenched lair in camden town s derelict stable-yard . in underground casimir s physical exploration of london s subterranea echo his mental rediscovery of a traumatic childhood in poland . in the love of stones katharine sterne devote she life to a search for a legendary lose jewel the three brethren . the same motif be use to powerful effect in the hidden and indeed the novel be preface with a quotation from john dalberg-acton 1st baron acton every thing secret degenerate .
63 story 300 year ago the high priest of the kingdom of cheshire try to disturb the balance of good and evil by summon the dark god arliman . sabrina goddess of light save the kingdom by give great power to two of cheshire s leader who defeat the high priest and help the king s high wizard to entrap arliman in a magical jewel . velonese the high wizard s apprentice be give the task of guard the imprison arliman on the island of raven . over the year his anger towards the kingdom grow and now he be command four general to conquer cheshire while he be try to free arliman .
28 as well as offering answer to some of the show unresolved plotline and character arc the compilation include some insight into the filming of each episode with actress jewel staite who play the role of kaylee frye on the show provide a commentary on each of the episode produce . due to firefly s early demise it leave many fan with many unanswered question and a certain sense of loss . the essay include attempt to resolve the unanswered question bring up in the show range from the origin of the reaver the multi-racial casting and the use of the chinese language .
8 after several year of neglect in 2000 the jewel of hollywood high school begin one of the greatest organ renovation project in california if not the united states . the school with the help of the organ historical society of america and head by austin organs inc. of hartford connecticut work towards its rebuilding which be complete in may 2002 .
37 5 . woodsy stream in spring black gum common elder or elderberry cross vine deer s tongue panic grass fragile or brittle fern green ash hairy cap moss higan cherry hill senecio hispid buttercup hog peanut jack-in-the-pulpit jewel weed lady fern oak daedalium red maple wild lily-of-the-valley wool sower gall
24 avalokitesvara14-th century goryeo painting of ksitigarbha hold a cintamanus cintamani sanskrit devanagari चिन्तामणि also spell as chintamani or the chintamani stone be a wish-fulfilling jewel within both hindu and buddhist tradition . in buddhism it be hold by the bodhisattva avalokiteshvara and ksitigarbha . it be also see carry upon the back of the lung ta wind horse .
10 the mani-jewel be translate with chinese ruyus as ruyizhu如意珠 as-one-wishes jewel or ruyibaozhu如意寶珠"as-one-wishes precious jewel and as japanese nyoi-shu 如意珠or nyoi-hōju 如意寶珠 .
14 the mani-jewel be translate with chinese ruyus as ruyizhu如意珠 as-one-wishes jewel or ruyibaozhu如意寶珠"as-one-wishes precious jewel and as japanese nyoi-shu 如意珠or nyoi-hōju 如意寶珠 .
93 the cintamani be say to be one of four relic that come in a chest that fall from the sky many terma fall from the sky in casket during the reign of king lha thothori nyantsen of tibet . citation need however the king do not understand the purpose of the object yet still keep they in a position of reverence . several year later two mysterious stranger appear at the court of the king explain the four relic amongst which include the buddha s bowl possibly a singing bowl and a charmstone jewel crystal or gem with the om mani padme hum mantra inscribe on it know as a mani stone . these few object be the bringer of the dharma to tibet .
12 the digital dictionary of buddhism s ruyizhu entry say . a maṇi jewel magical jewel which manifest whatever one wish for skt . maṇi cintā-maṇi cintāmaṇi-ratna . accord to one s desire treasure clothing and food can be manifest while sickness and suffering can be remove water can be purify etc .
14 the digital dictionary of buddhism s ruyizhu entry say . a maṇi jewel magical jewel which manifest whatever one wish for skt . maṇi cintā-maṇi cintāmaṇi-ratna . accord to one s desire treasure clothing and food can be manifest while sickness and suffering can be remove water can be purify etc .
32 the governor agree . the arab kill the monster and tell the prince to take the credit . the governor give he a ship at his request and secretly fill it with jewel .
6 external links eflora limón talinum be jewel for garden mississippi state university distribution over the world university of helsinki
68 once a brahmin hearing of anāthapindika s luck come to he in order to find out where this luck lay so that he may obtain it . the brahmin discover that it lay in the comb of a white cock belong to anāthapindika he ask for the cock and it be give to he but the luck fly away elsewhere settle first in a pillow then in a jewel a club and finally in the head of anāthapindika s wife . the brahmin s desire be thus frustrate j.ii .410f .
35 aoki mon no keisyousya successor of the blue gate isbn 978-4757720350 hoshi will tsugu mono inheritor of the star isbn 978-4757730373 hiiragi renji to hougyoku no shōjo renji hiiragi and the girl of the magic jewel #1-#2 isbn 978-4757737532 isbn 978-4757738614 kagami no meikyū no grand-guignol grand-guignol of the mirror labyrinth isbn 978-4757737990 anthology mahōtsukai to kyūjitsu no sugoshikata wizard and their way to spend holiday isbn 978-4757742895
83 however his latest order be to protect elis shiho who be a new transfer student at his academy . be drag into the astronomy club by renji s childhood friend kureha akabane on she first day at school elis soon realize that she too have the power to become a night wizard after retrieve the jewel of affection . along with renji and kureha elis now begin she fight and she new life as a night wizard both to collect the six other jewel and to protect the world from eternal darkness .
56 during a fight with an emulator she magical broom name ain soph aur which take the form of she bracelet reveal its power to protect she . anzelotte inform elis that she believe that elis special ability will allow they to get to the emulators world . to do this she must first collect the seven jewel of virtue in order to complete the ain soph aur . jewel of affection elis find this orange jewel inside of the ancient tree by kimei academy while in the trance in which she first discover she power . its power be to heal .
41 anzelotte inform elis that she believe that elis special ability will allow they to get to the emulators world . to do this she must first collect the seven jewel of virtue in order to complete the ain soph aur . jewel of affection elis find this orange jewel inside of the ancient tree by kimei academy while in the trance in which she first discover she power . its power be to heal . so far we have only see elis heal herself with it .
48 anzelotte inform elis that she believe that elis special ability will allow they to get to the emulators world . to do this she must first collect the seven jewel of virtue in order to complete the ain soph aur . jewel of affection elis find this orange jewel inside of the ancient tree by kimei academy while in the trance in which she first discover she power . its power be to heal . so far we have only see elis heal herself with it .
0 jewel of wisdom elis and team track this blue jewel down inside of a temple on the magical continent of magallanica .
9 jewel of wisdom elis and team track this blue jewel down inside of a temple on the magical continent of magallanica .
0 jewel of fortitude this purple jewel be take from jō ga on the moon who be herself use it as a source of power .
5 jewel of fortitude this purple jewel be take from jō ga on the moon who be herself use it as a source of power .
0 jewel of faith this green jewel be give to elis by andou kurusu a demon-sword user formerly in the employ of anzelotte who have keep the jewel in defiance of anzelotte after a mission go sour .
5 jewel of faith this green jewel be give to elis by andou kurusu a demon-sword user formerly in the employ of anzelotte who have keep the jewel in defiance of anzelotte after a mission go sour .
26 jewel of faith this green jewel be give to elis by andou kurusu a demon-sword user formerly in the employ of anzelotte who have keep the jewel in defiance of anzelotte after a mission go sour .
0 jewel of temperance this red jewel be in the possession of anzelotte elis be able to obtain after overcome its ability those who would possess it in a dream state . this jewel be retrieve with the assistance of the dream-user nightmare . it have the power to suppress all kind of power as describe by anzelotte and be use shortly after to sap the magic from pheus mor .
5 jewel of temperance this red jewel be in the possession of anzelotte elis be able to obtain after overcome its ability those who would possess it in a dream state . this jewel be retrieve with the assistance of the dream-user nightmare . it have the power to suppress all kind of power as describe by anzelotte and be use shortly after to sap the magic from pheus mor .
32 jewel of temperance this red jewel be in the possession of anzelotte elis be able to obtain after overcome its ability those who would possess it in a dream state . this jewel be retrieve with the assistance of the dream-user nightmare . it have the power to suppress all kind of power as describe by anzelotte and be use shortly after to sap the magic from pheus mor .
0 jewel of justice this violet jewel be in the possession of a demon lord try to summon syaimal use the tower of babel . use the ain soph aur this jewel let shihou elis create an energy sword out of she artifact it be this ability that defeat the demon lord amy .
5 jewel of justice this violet jewel be in the possession of a demon lord try to summon syaimal use the tower of babel . use the ain soph aur this jewel let shihou elis create an energy sword out of she artifact it be this ability that defeat the demon lord amy .
30 jewel of justice this violet jewel be in the possession of a demon lord try to summon syaimal use the tower of babel . use the ain soph aur this jewel let shihou elis create an energy sword out of she artifact it be this ability that defeat the demon lord amy .
0 jewel of hope this yellow jewel be in secrete in the icy ring of saturn . the jewel be uncover first by bell zephyr use knowledge gain from lion s prophetic however it be lose to she during she bout with hiiragi renji and be subsequently give to shihou elis .
5 jewel of hope this yellow jewel be in secrete in the icy ring of saturn . the jewel be uncover first by bell zephyr use knowledge gain from lion s prophetic however it be lose to she during she bout with hiiragi renji and be subsequently give to shihou elis .
17 jewel of hope this yellow jewel be in secrete in the icy ring of saturn . the jewel be uncover first by bell zephyr use knowledge gain from lion s prophetic however it be lose to she during she bout with hiiragi renji and be subsequently give to shihou elis .
53 she be one of the powerful demon lords who look like a teenage girl dress with poncho and kimei academy s uniform . she be model after beelzebub and be also call queen of the fly . bell be the central villain of the story as of yet she motive in retrieve the jewel of virtue be unknown .
37 shaimal consider as the god of destruction . it be say when the great demon lord shaimal fully awaken it will destroy both human world and the reversal world . its power be seal in the seven jewel of virtue and when the jewel will be collect it say that the seal will be break .
43 shaimal consider as the god of destruction . it be say when the great demon lord shaimal fully awaken it will destroy both human world and the reversal world . its power be seal in the seven jewel of virtue and when the jewel will be collect it say that the seal will be break .
24 story ghazarian jewelry-shop be rob by the six-fingered inspector . a set of jewelry belong to master mozafar s daughter-in-law be among the steal jewel . master mozafar who use to be the governor of the city of kerman ask the head of the police department in tehran to locate the miss jewel . all of the piece of jewelry be finally find except for a necklace .
51 ghazarian jewelry-shop be rob by the six-fingered inspector . a set of jewelry belong to master mozafar s daughter-in-law be among the steal jewel . master mozafar who use to be the governor of the city of kerman ask the head of the police department in tehran to locate the miss jewel . all of the piece of jewelry be finally find except for a necklace .
3 the song detail jewel s frustration and agony of know that she lover or friend do not care about she as much as she care for they . the song parallel s bruce wayne s relationship with julie madison as well as his friendship/partnership with dick grayson/robin . the melodic line and chord progression of the verse in foolish games carry echo of diamonds rust record by joan baez .
10 2 become 1 be a song by american pop singer–songwriter jewel from she fourth studio album 0304 2003 . write by jewel and guy chambers and produce by jewel and lester mendez who co-wrote and co-produced 0304 s two previous singles intuition and stand the song be release as the album s third and final single in december 2003 . it fail to chart on the billboard hot 100 and all other billboard chart except for the hot adult top 40 track where it peak at number thirty-three in late january 2004 .
48 certification for teacher graduate of the teacher training course ttc receive a diploma from the yoga vedanta forest academy of rishikesh situate in the himalayas and the sivananda yoga vedanta centers and ashrams headquarter in val morin quebec canada . the title give be yoga siromani which signify jewel of the crown of yoga .
53 the most memorable event of the night be when stan berman a new york city cabdriver award bob hope a homemade oscar after he have slip through security and make his way to the stage . . . among the many dress wear that night joan crawford wear a spaghetti strap gown with jewel she have wear at an earlier appearance at the oscars . . . shirley jones wear a strapless gown cover by ornate fabric .
51 30th degree knight of kadosh or knight of the white and black eagle the lesson of this degree be to be true to ourselves to stand for what be right and just in our life today . to believe in god country and ourselves . there be no apron but the jewel be a gold teutonic cross enamel in red with the letter j. .b. .m. . on the obverse and a skull transpierce by a poinard on the reverse . ancient and accepted scottish rite southern jurisdiction from freemasoninformation.com
78 saeko at the time do not approve of what city hunter be do and that hideyuki himself would sometimes disregard the law . during a quiet dinner in which hideyuki have plan to ask saeko to marry he another argument break out he accidentally let slip that the case she have just wrap up would have go smoother if city hunter have be involve . the evening be ruin and hideyuki do not propose tell saeko that the jewel box she have accidentally knock out of his hand be only a gift for his sister . six month later hideyuki be murder . over the year saeko would find herself visit the makimura family grave unable to shake the feeling that there have be something important on hideyuki s mind that night and perhaps the contents of that jewel case be not mean for kaori at all .
73 the evening be ruin and hideyuki do not propose tell saeko that the jewel box she have accidentally knock out of his hand be only a gift for his sister . six month later hideyuki be murder . over the year saeko would find herself visit the makimura family grave unable to shake the feeling that there have be something important on hideyuki s mind that night and perhaps the contents of that jewel case be not mean for kaori at all . xiang ying with kaori s consent would later present the jewel case to saeko to reveal a wedding ring with saeko s name engrave on it confirm she hope that hideyuki have want to marry she . hideyuki appear in angel heart only in flashback since he have die before the series begin .
62 six month later hideyuki be murder . over the year saeko would find herself visit the makimura family grave unable to shake the feeling that there have be something important on hideyuki s mind that night and perhaps the contents of that jewel case be not mean for kaori at all . xiang ying with kaori s consent would later present the jewel case to saeko to reveal a wedding ring with saeko s name engrave on it confirm she hope that hideyuki have want to marry she . hideyuki appear in angel heart only in flashback since he have die before the series begin .
60 plot a stage actress julie want to use she star sapphire for she upcoming play and ask for kogoro mori s help to protect it after show kogoro a letter from phantom thief kid . on the day of the theft kid appear at the theatre disguise up as shinichi kudo but end up flee in the end without the jewel . to thank they julie invite kogoro and everyone to hakodate and they all travel on an airplane to get there . in the air one of the show actor shinji who be suppose to be elsewhere and ran s mother eri kisaki join they on the plane .
39 upon his release he begin use the name roy fontaine as a homage to actress joan fontaine of whom he be a fan and work as a butler occasionally return to prison for sentence incur after more pilfering of jewel . he get marry and divorce during this time .
62 it be the 29th-largest municipal park in the united states and the largest park in kansas city . it be name in honor of colonel thomas h. swope a philanthropist who donate the land to the city in 1896 . in the acre 0 km 2 it host starlight theatre a 8,000+ seat outdoor theater also the temporary home of the annual jewel ball training grounds for the kansas city wizards and their reserve team affectionately namely swope park rangers the kansas city zoological park two golf course ten shelter house and a host of other thing include baseball diamond soccer field a swim pool and a frisbee golf course .
30 top cover for forbidden bridgebottom cover for forbidden bridge forbidden bridge be a board game which simulate be a treasure hunter . player play as explorer who be after ancient jewel which be guard by an angry spirit . occasionally the bridge guard will awaken and via a motorize mechanism power by the player push his head down shake the bridge which can cause player piece to fall off . player also can get the chance to steal another player s jewel .
59 player play as explorer who be after ancient jewel which be guard by an angry spirit . occasionally the bridge guard will awaken and via a motorize mechanism power by the player push his head down shake the bridge which can cause player piece to fall off . player also can get the chance to steal another player s jewel . the first player to retrieve three jewel and return they all in their boat win .
50 occasionally the bridge guard will awaken and via a motorize mechanism power by the player push his head down shake the bridge which can cause player piece to fall off . player also can get the chance to steal another player s jewel . the first player to retrieve three jewel and return they all in their boat win .
6 4 explorer pawn 4 boat 15 jewel with storage bag 2 dice label sheet
50 explorer icon you may switch place with another player s piece on the same bridge space as your own . this can be important as the peg and rail on the bridge space become crucial when the idol shake the bridge . jewel icon you may steal another player s jewel if you be on or land on the same space as that player . the possibility on the six-sided die be thus important to gameplay in that five be the sum of two plus three . thus there be a greater possibility of landing on the same space as another player which be when the option other than the idol on the special die become important .
49 interest feature although the box art for the game portray the idol as merely be a head with hand its mouth be at ground level the idol in the actual game have a space below its head that contain five glyph . the glyph be a stick figure a jewel a stick figure with the jewel as its body lightning and a skull . the glyph be suppose to be a warning to those wish to take jewel the stick figure be the explorer the figure with the jewel as its body be the explorer have take a jewel the lightning represent the idol s anger and the skull represent the result death or injury .
55 interest feature although the box art for the game portray the idol as merely be a head with hand its mouth be at ground level the idol in the actual game have a space below its head that contain five glyph . the glyph be a stick figure a jewel a stick figure with the jewel as its body lightning and a skull . the glyph be suppose to be a warning to those wish to take jewel the stick figure be the explorer the figure with the jewel as its body be the explorer have take a jewel the lightning represent the idol s anger and the skull represent the result death or injury .
75 although the box art for the game portray the idol as merely be a head with hand its mouth be at ground level the idol in the actual game have a space below its head that contain five glyph . the glyph be a stick figure a jewel a stick figure with the jewel as its body lightning and a skull . the glyph be suppose to be a warning to those wish to take jewel the stick figure be the explorer the figure with the jewel as its body be the explorer have take a jewel the lightning represent the idol s anger and the skull represent the result death or injury .
86 although the box art for the game portray the idol as merely be a head with hand its mouth be at ground level the idol in the actual game have a space below its head that contain five glyph . the glyph be a stick figure a jewel a stick figure with the jewel as its body lightning and a skull . the glyph be suppose to be a warning to those wish to take jewel the stick figure be the explorer the figure with the jewel as its body be the explorer have take a jewel the lightning represent the idol s anger and the skull represent the result death or injury .
96 although the box art for the game portray the idol as merely be a head with hand its mouth be at ground level the idol in the actual game have a space below its head that contain five glyph . the glyph be a stick figure a jewel a stick figure with the jewel as its body lightning and a skull . the glyph be suppose to be a warning to those wish to take jewel the stick figure be the explorer the figure with the jewel as its body be the explorer have take a jewel the lightning represent the idol s anger and the skull represent the result death or injury .
4 half million dollar in jewel and purse steal from hample s home . a story in lancaster online . note that the ex-aide s salary be higher than the average pa university professor .
53 kaitou kid appear in his own manga series magic kaito as well . the original kaitou kid 8 year prior to the start of the story focus on mostly steal antique and high-valued art . however he be murder and his son take over for he by continue in his guise steal mostly jewel with strange history in order to find his father s killer and lure they out . he be a noble thief at heart . he be also able to charm woman into an infatuated state .
28 from the earliest depiction saddle become status symbol . to show off an individual s wealth and status embellishment be add to saddle include elaborate leatherwork precious metal jewel and embroidery .
52 cosmic king be bear laevar bolto on the planet venus . he be an alchemist who spend his life try to invent a ray that could change an object s atomic structure into that of another . he be finally successful when he be able to transform a flower into a sparkling jewel . after accidentally fall in front of the ray himself he find that he possess the ray s ability innately . when he approach the venus government official with his discovery he be inform that his power of transmute chemical element be consider evil .
28 tv movie in 2000 hbo create three tv movie base on the three of the royal diaries book elizabeth i red rose of the house of tudor isabel jewel of castilla and cleopatra daughter of the nile .
39 with only a week leave ameer ali think to call on the fairy of the forest . the beautiful young woman appear . she tell he to arrange wand and then cut off she foot the blood would make jewel . then he would put back the foot and switch the wand and she would be well again . finally he obey she and get the jewel .
43 she tell he to arrange wand and then cut off she foot the blood would make jewel . then he would put back the foot and switch the wand and she would be well again . finally he obey she and get the jewel . he be easily able to find someone to set they .
22 at a distance of one-and-a-half mile the breeders stakes be the longest of the three triple crown race and be the only jewel race on turf the queen s plate be race on polytrack and the prince of wales on a dirt track .
46 rusty oren skoog be just try to have sex with anything he can . the creepy dante nicolas shake run around plan all sort of nefarious scheme all while utter his signature line do not get on my bad side mate . meanwhile a priceless steal jewel be loose on the boat and everyone be after it .
48 gassoon marry the reluctantly acquiescent blanche-aster and richly reward zamp for his part in his elevation . gassoon give zamp his boat have no further use for it and zamp leave with the boat and crew . when the costume fall apart gassoon flee with a bag of jewel and be able to catch up with the boat which he reclaim . both man be now wealthy--zamp will build a new showboat while gassoon will resume his role as proprietor of a museum boat .
19 a glass of goblanti a night club in cairo art bear on a bicycle bourzi carnac disillusion ghost ship jewel leaf mother and son preference tehuantepec teotihuacán the elephant the hippopotamus the home of the gods the indian rhinoceros the iron pillar of delhi the lizards of tula the mantis the newt the old-fashioned lover the olmec the other baghdad the reaper the saviors the trap thoth-amon s complaint tiger in the rain and xerox the necomonicon be share with phantoms and fancy only .
30 the mongol arrival impose the need for fast footwork . in 1251 and 1256 the prudent and multi-lingual orbelian prince smbat make arduous pilgrimage to karakorum arm with a splendid jewel and divine blessing and persuade mangu khan son of genghis the mongol ruler to make syunik and its church a tax-exempt fiefdom under mangu s or at least his christian mother s direct patronage . the family expand its influence help by an apparently genuine and reciprocate liking and respect for the mongols at least until the mongols convert to islam . in 1286 the scholar of the family the historian stepanos make the pilgrimage to the western armenian kingdom in cilicia and be make metropolitan preside archbishop of the newly amplify see of syunik .
32 issued on two cd shower your love be augment by three b-side and a radio session recording of 1998 single sound of drum . the first cd come in a standard slimline jewel case and the second in a digipak with four photographic card . these be take at the 100 club in london in march 1999 by jill furmanovsky . the artwork be slightly different for each release the second cd be show to the right .
29 the irs need bright young honest and dedicate people with a high sense of morality integrity and love for the country . the nature of job bring out the jewel in him/her . an irs officer on post be entrust with the task of complete the assessment of the tax return as in income tax central excise and service tax or border control in relation to import and export of goods as in customs . it require prolong verification and inquiry .
32 saya despite have worship the light all she life and look down on the people of darkness find that she cannot escape she destiny as the water maiden symbolize the magatama shape jewel that be clutch in she hand when she be bear . she end up escape the palace of light with the third child of light chihaya the effeminate younger brother of teruhi and tsukishiro who be still by teruhi to act as a surrogate water maiden for the steal dragon sword and reveal to be the wind child the only entity capable of wield the dragon sword .
34 world container be the tenth full-length album by canadian rock band the tragically hip . it be release in canada on october 17 2006 in two format as a limited edition digipak and regular jewel case . the united states release be march 6 2007 in advance of a planned tour . this album be record at various location include maui vancouver and toronto .
80 after a first few isolated issue in low number under the king william i and william ii in the early 19th century a gold five guilder coin be issue under queen wilhelmina in 1912 . one million piece be strike but the experiment be not repeat 1912 be the only year for the gouden vijfje gold fiver as the coin be commonly call in dutch . many of these end up in necklace and bracelet and its popularity as a jewel be so great that many excellent imitation be know .
29 summary the prophet rejoice in god who have clothe he with salvation cover he with victory as a bridegroom don a priestly diadem as a bride adorn herself with jewel . isaiah 61:10 . for as the earth bring forth vegetation so god will cause victory and glory to sprout before the nation .
121 she recording be now remember due to the effort of soul music pioneer dave godin who regard they as masterpiece of almost indescribable beauty and poignancy the ultimate expression of deep soul music . he write no matter if you have only ever make one record or write one book or make one film if that work be a great work of art then your name deserve to be remember and your memory thank equally as if you have produce dozen . for in the creation of a masterpiece even if it only touch the life of a few you have enrich life itself beyond measure and in this respect those who benefit in this way have be give a precious jewel of experience to add to all those other magic moment we collect as we journey through life .
21 john z. robinson – a to z of dunedin – a wearable alphabet . lure dunedin 1-27 september 2003 . table jewel . an exhibition of domestic silverware by john z. robinson . quoil contemporary jewellery gallery wellington 3-22 october 2005 .
37 style gallery italy and spain 1530s-1540s1 15302 1530-353 15364 15385 15406 15457 1548 # eleanor of austria queen of france wear a floral cut velvet gown with fur-lined oversleeve over full striped slash undersleeve catch up with jewel 1530 . # foschi s italian lady wear a pink gown with puffed upper sleeve and contrast velvet lower sleeve both trim with fur . she wear a high-necked chemise or possibly partlet trim with blackwork embroidery at the neck and front opening .
58 she undersleeve have an open seam catch with jeweled clasp or pin and she chemise sleeve be pull through the opening in small puff 1516 . # catherine of aragon c.1525 wear a gable hood with the lappet fold up and pin in place and the veil hang loosely in back . she gown have a pattern of jewel at the neckline and she wide sleeve be turn up to show the lining . # mary wotton lady guildenford wear a gable hood with a loose veil . the bodice of she gown presumably lace at the side-back or back be decorate with drape chain and she smock sleeve be pull through the open outer seam of she undersleeve in neat puff 1527 .
59 # the swiss guard at the vatican wear full-skirted giornea or jerkin and full sleeve over low-necked shirt or chemise 1512 . # unknown man wear a doublet with slash sleeve and a gown with a gray fur collar . # ludwig count von löwenstein wear a fur-lined gown in the german fashion and a red barett with a jewel in the form of a pair of compass 1513 . # german fashion include a multitude of slash in row on doublet hose and gown 1514 . # the emperor maximilian i wear a gown with a very wide fur collar and a broad-brimmed hat 1519 .
38 his shoe be very square at the toe 1533 . # charles de solier sieur de morette wear a high-necked doublet under darker jerkin and a gown . his sleeve be pan make in strip and fasten with jewel . the square beard be very popular with the broad silhouette of 1534-5 . # holbein s man with a lute wear a transitional costume a wide-necked doublet with a high banded-neckline shirt c. 1535 .
